{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri400\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Step 3)
\b0  The above gives you a high-level view of your novel. Now you need something similar for the storylines of each of your characters. Characters are the most important part of any novel, and the time you invest in designing them up front will pay off ten-fold when you start writing. For each of your major characters, take an hour and write a one-page summary sheet that tells:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri200\sa60\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The character's name\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}A one-sentence summary of the character's storyline\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The character's motivation (what does he/she want abstractly?)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The character's goal (what does he/she want concretely?)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The character's conflict (what prevents him/her from reaching this goal?)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The character's epiphany (what will he/she learn, how will he/she change?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}A one-paragraph summary of the character's storyline\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\ri200\sa60\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri400\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 An important point:
\b0  You may find that you need to go back and revise your one-sentence summary and/or your one-paragraph summary. Go ahead! This is good--it means your characters are teaching you things about your story. It's always okay at any stage of the design process to go back and revise earlier stages. In fact, it's not just okay--it's inevitable. And it's good. Any revisions you make now are revisions you won't need to make later on to a clunky 400 page manuscript.\

\b Another important point:
\b0  It doesn't have to be perfect. The purpose of each step in the design process is to advance you to the next step. Keep your forward momentum! You can always come back later and fix it when you understand the story better. You will do this too, unless you're a lot smarter than I am.}