{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Sylvahla\'a0grew\'a0up\'a0as\'a0the\'a0child\'a0of\'a0a\'a0Sojuk\'a0thane.\'a0Her\'a0parents\'a0were\'a0present\'a0and\'a0generally\'a0well\'a0meaning.\'a0Their\'a0family\'a0was\'a0well\'a0off,\'a0and\'a0close\'a0friends\'a0to\'a0the\'a0Emperor.\'a0The\'a0emperor\'a0lusted\'a0for\'a0her\'a0mother\'a0and\'a0so\'a0as\'a0the\'a0Tunen\'a0conflict\'a0drew\'a0on\'a0her\'a0father\'a0was\'a0called\'a0into\'a0service\'a0to\'a0lead\'a0troops\'a0into\'a0war.\'a0While\'a0he\'a0was\'a0away,\'a0the\'a0emperor\'a0prayed\'a0on\'a0and\'a0forced\'a0her\'a0mother\'a0to\'a0sleep\'a0with\'a0him.\'a0He\'a0arranged\'a0for\'a0her\'a0father\'a0to\'a0be\'a0on\'a0the\'a0front\'a0lines,\'a0and\'a0he\'a0fell\'a0in\'a0battle.\'a0Overcome\'a0upon\'a0hearing\'a0the\'a0news,\'a0her\'a0mother\'a0committed\'a0suicide.\
Being\'a0the\'a0child\'a0of\'a0a\'a0fallen\'a0Thane,\'a0Sylvahla\'a0was\'a0taken\'a0as\'a0a\'a0ward\'a0of\'a0the\'a0Emperor.\'a0She\'a0was\'a0trained\'a0to\'a0be\'a0a\'a0soldier,\'a0and\'a0her\'a0hatred\'a0of\'a0the\'a0Tunen\'a0soldiers\'a0increased\'a0as\'a0she\'a0blamed\'a0them\'a0for\'a0everything\'a0that\'a0befell\'a0her\'a0family.\'a0Her\'a0parents\'a0voices\'a0began\'a0to\'a0talk\'a0to\'a0her\'a0and\'a0accuse\'a0the\'a0Emperor\'a0for\'a0their\'a0demise.\'a0She\'a0knew\'a0and\'a0suspected\'a0that\'a0the\'a0Emperor\'a0was\'a0somehow\'a0involved,\'a0but\'a0she\'a0took\'a0strides\'a0to\'a0not\'a0think\'a0that\'a0as\'a0he\'a0had\'a0been\'a0good\'a0to\'a0her\'a0since\'a0then.\'a0She\'a0tried\'a0to\'a0avoid\'a0the\'a0voices\'a0in\'a0her\'a0head\'a0or\'a0tell\'a0her\'a0superiors\'a0about\'a0it.\
Psychosis\'a0continued\'a0to\'a0manifest,\'a0as\'a0she\'a0regularly\'a0felt\'a0hands\'a0around\'a0her\'a0neck\'a0and\'a0bugs\'a0crawling\'a0on\'a0her\'a0skin.\'a0She\'a0would\'a0see\'a0shadows\'a0in\'a0the\'a0corners\'a0of\'a0her\'a0quarters\'a0and\'a0go\'a0stamping\'a0them\'a0down.\
As\'a0she\'a0was\'a0a\'a0favorite\'a0of\'a0the\'a0Emperor\'a0and\'a0many\'a0of\'a0her\'a0symptoms\'a0were\'a0non-violent\'a0and\'a0not\'a0very\'a0disruptive,\'a0she\'a0was\'a0simply\'a0observed\'a0by\'a0others\'a0as\'a0a\'a0strange\'a0but\'a0protected\'a0person.\'a0She\'a0was\'a0given\'a0leniency\'a0to\'a0be\'a0somewhat\'a0irrational.\
During\'a0the\'a0Tunen\'a0conflict\'a0as\'a0she\'a0directed\'a0slaves,\'a0she\'a0was\'a0closer\'a0and\'a0closer\'a0to\'a0the\'a0triggering\'a0event\'a0from\'a0her\'a0childhood\'a0and\'a0symptoms\'a0began\'a0to\'a0manifest\'a0in\'a0new\'a0distortions\'a0of\'a0reality.\'a0She\'a0felt\'a0that\'a0her\'a0peers\'a0were\'a0watching\'a0and\'a0laughing\'a0at\'a0her.\'a0She\'a0felt\'a0a\'a0strong\'a0delusion\'a0that\'a0the\'a0Emperor\'a0was\'a0trying\'a0to\'a0kill\'a0her,\'a0but\'a0would\'a0stop\'a0if\'a0she\'a0could\'a0make\'a0him\'a0proud.\'a0Most\'a0days\'a0she\'a0spent\'a0suspicious\'a0of\'a0people\'a0around\'a0her,\'a0waiting\'a0for\'a0an\'a0assassin\'a0to\'a0strike.\
She\'a0latches\'a0onto\'a0the\'a0pattern\'a0of\'a0Runa's\'a0birth\'a0scar\'a0(from\'a0the\'a0magical\'a0artifact)\'a0and\'a0is\'a0convinced\'a0that\'a0it\'a0describes\'a0the\'a0Emperor's\'a0greatest\'a0wish\'a0and\'a0if\'a0she\'a0could\'a0understand\'a0it,\'a0she\'a0would\'a0finally\'a0be\'a0free\'a0from\'a0his\'a0assassins.\
It's\'a0for\'a0this\'a0reason\'a0that\'a0she\'a0will\'a0pursue\'a0Runa\'a0across\'a0the\'a0world.}