{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Runa\'a0slipped\'a0the\'a0shovel\'a0into\'a0the\'a0top\'a0of\'a0the\'a0salt\'a0pile\'a0and\'a0lifted\'a0with\'a0her\'a0legs.\'a0The\'a0white\'a0granules\'a0dully\'a0sparkled\'a0in\'a0the\'a0afternoon\'a0sun,\'a0as\'a0she\'a0walked\'a0out\'a0along\'a0the\'a0dormant\'a0crop\'a0rows.\'a0The\'a0muscles\'a0in\'a0her\'a0forearms\'a0and\'a0shoulders\'a0were\'a0taut\'a0and\'a0steady\'a0as\'a0she\'a0balanced\'a0the\'a0shovel\'a0alongside\'a0her\'a0own\'a0body.\
\
The\'a0ground\'a0was\'a0barren\'a0and\'a0dark\'a0but\'a0soft.\'a0It\'a0had\'a0been\'a0recently\'a0cultivated,\'a0maybe\'a0a\'a0season\'a0or\'a0two\'a0earlier.\'a0The\'a0rich\'a0scent\'a0of\'a0the\'a0damp\'a0soil\'a0was\'a0barely\'a0noticeable\'a0beyond\'a0the\'a0overpowering\'a0stench\'a0of\'a0salt.\'a0It\'a0was\'a0litered\'a0on\'a0the\'a0ground\'a0like\'a0a\'a0thin\'a0blanket.\'a0Runa\'a0plodded\'a0mechanically\'a0to\'a0the\'a0end\'a0of\'a0the\'a0row\'a0where\'a0the\'a0soil\'a0was\'a0clear\'a0and\'a0carefully\'a0poured\'a0the\'a0salt\'a0over\'a0it.\
\
She\'a0heard\'a0a\'a0voice\'a0a\'a0few\'a0rows\'a0distance\'a0say\'a0aloud,\'a0"Mind\'a0the\'a0shovel,\'a0now."\
\
Runa\'a0didn't\'a0need\'a0to\'a0glance\'a0up\'a0but\'a0she\'a0did\'a0anyway.\'a0She\'a0knew\'a0it\'a0was\'a0Hoeg\'a0instructing\'a0the\'a0new\'a0woman\'a0who'd\'a0arrived\'a0yesterday.\'a0The\'a0girl\'a0would\'a0be\'a0lucky\'a0to\'a0last\'a0the\'a0month.\'a0As\'a0Runa\'a0returned\'a0for\'a0the\'a0next\'a0shovel\'a0of\'a0salt,\'a0she\'a0heard\'a0Horgor\'a0continue\'a0his\'a0low\'a0talk\'a0to\'a0the\'a0girl.\
\
"You\'a0hold\'a0it\'a0straight,\'a0see?"\'a0There\'a0was\'a0a\'a0pause.\'a0"Aye,\'a0now,\'a0tighten\'a0up\'a0along\'a0the\'a0handle."\
\
She\'a0heard\'a0the\'a0girl's\'a0soft,\'a0scared\'a0voice\'a0barely\'a0above\'a0a\'a0whisper,\'a0"Like\'a0this?"\
\
There\'a0was\'a0no\'a0reply.\'a0She\'a0suspected\'a0Hoeg\'a0had\'a0quietly\'a0nodded\'a0as\'a0he\'a0usually\'a0did.\'a0Runa\'a0approached\'a0the\'a0back\'a0of\'a0the\'a0salt\'a0wagon\'a0as\'a0two\'a0gangly\'a0men\'a0were\'a0quietly\'a0pushing\'a0more\'a0little\'a0hills\'a0of\'a0salt\'a0from\'a0the\'a0back\'a0of\'a0the\'a0wagon\'a0to\'a0the\'a0front,\'a0within\'a0her\'a0reach.\'a0They\'a0had\'a0adolescent\'a0wisps\'a0of\'a0hair\'a0on\'a0their\'a0chins\'a0that\'a0wouldn't\'a0quite\'a0grow\'a0together\'a0into\'a0a\'a0beard,\'a0and\'a0their\'a0hair\'a0was\'a0a\'a0tangled\'a0mess\'a0of\'a0black.\'a0Unfamiliar\'a0people\'a0usually\'a0missed\'a0that\'a0they\'a0were\'a0twins.\
\
"About\'a0another\'a010\'a0minutes\'a0today,\'a0and\'a0we're\'a0done."\'a0Torj\'a0whispered.\'a0Runa\'a0nodded\'a0without\'a0looking\'a0up.\'a0She\'a0heard\'a0his\'a0brother\'a0Riki\'a0add,\'a0"If\'a0the\'a0boss\'a0doesn't\'a0lose\'a0her\'a0damn\'a0mind\'a0today."\
\
"Shutup,\'a0you\'a0fool!"\'a0Torj\'a0replied.\'a0She\'a0heard\'a0a\'a0quick\'a0jostle\'a0and\'a0crunch\'a0of\'a0salt\'a0as\'a0Torj\'a0put\'a0his\'a0boot\'a0to\'a0his\'a0brother's\'a0hip.\'a0Runa\'a0ignored\'a0it\'a0and\'a0drove\'a0her\'a0handle\'a0into\'a0the\'a0pile\'a0smoothly,\'a0grabbed\'a0another\'a0shovel\'a0full,\'a0and\'a0wandered\'a0back\'a0to\'a0her\'a0row.\
\
The\'a0girl\'a0was\'a0walking\'a0across\'a0her\'a0path.\'a0She\'a0was\'a0petite\'a0and\'a0smooth\'a0faced,\'a0only\'a0a\'a0few\'a0years\'a0younger\'a0than\'a0Runa.\'a0Her\'a0chopped\'a0dark\'a0hair\'a0still\'a0had\'a0the\'a0mostly\'a0clean\'a0sheen\'a0of\'a0one\'a0who\'a0wasn't\'a0born\'a0into\'a0slavery\'a0for\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0but\'a0was\'a0brought\'a0into\'a0it.\'a0Her\'a0clothes\'a0were\'a0the\'a0same\'a0rags\'a0as\'a0everyone\'a0else's\'a0but\'a0there\'a0wasn't\'a0the\'a0same\'a0dirt\'a0stains\'a0on\'a0her\'a0arms\'a0and\'a0neck\'a0yet.\
\
Runa\'a0guessed\'a0she\'a0had\'a0been\'a0a\'a0peasant\'a0from\'a0the\'a0outskirts\'a0Vahky.\'a0She'd\'a0need\'a0to\'a0learn\'a0quite\'a0a\'a0different\'a0skill\'a0set\'a0to\'a0survive\'a0now.\'a0"Watch\'a0yourself,"\'a0she\'a0growled.\
\
The\'a0girl\'a0started\'a0and\'a0winced\'a0away\'a0from\'a0her.\'a0Runa\'a0could\'a0see\'a0the\'a0vulnerability\'a0in\'a0her\'a0eyes.\'a0She\'a0internally\'a0shook\'a0her\'a0head.\'a0That\'a0would\'a0need\'a0to\'a0change.\'a0Hoeg\'a0was\'a0not\'a0far\'a0behind\'a0the\'a0girl\'a0and\'a0gave\'a0Runa\'a0a\'a0quizzical\'a0look\'a0to\'a0which\'a0she\'a0returned\'a0a\'a0huff\'a0and\'a0flexed\'a0her\'a0nostrils.\
\
Hoeg\'a0was\'a0older\'a0than\'a0the\'a0rest\'a0of\'a0them,\'a0including\'a0herself,\'a0but\'a0he\'a0wasn't\'a0yet\'a0an\'a0old\'a0man.\'a0There\'a0was\'a0only\'a0the\'a0hint\'a0of\'a0a\'a0wrinkle\'a0around\'a0his\'a0eyes,\'a0and\'a0the\'a0gray\'a0had\'a0only\'a0just\'a0started\'a0to\'a0sprinkle\'a0around\'a0his\'a0short\'a0hair.\'a0His\'a0arms\'a0were\'a0laced\'a0with\'a0scratches\'a0and\'a0scrapes\'a0from\'a0work,\'a0and\'a0his\'a0face\'a0was\'a0almost\'a0always\'a0dusty\'a0and\'a0dry.\'a0His\'a0skin\'a0looked\'a0as\'a0though\'a0it\'a0might\'a0crack\'a0if\'a0you\'a0pulled\'a0too\'a0hard.\'a0Hoeg\'a0had\'a0been\'a0in\'a0the\'a0group\'a0the\'a0longest\'a0except\'a0for\'a0herself.\
\
The\'a0three\'a0of\'a0them\'a0marched\'a0out\'a0to\'a0the\'a0edges\'a0of\'a0the\'a0salt\'a0and\'a0delivered\'a0more\'a0onto\'a0the\'a0ground.\'a0It\'a0would\'a0have\'a0been\'a0a\'a0silent\'a0affair\'a0except\'a0for\'a0the\'a0sounds\'a0of\'a0clashing\'a0steel,\'a0shouted\'a0orders,\'a0and\'a0the\'a0rumble\'a0of\'a0large\'a0wheeled\'a0war\'a0machines\'a0coming\'a0from\'a0beyond\'a0the\'a0hills\'a0in\'a0front\'a0of\'a0them.\
\
Snakes\'a0of\'a0gray-black\'a0smoke\'a0curled\'a0from\'a0various\'a0points.\'a0Runa\'a0had\'a0grown\'a0accustomed\'a0to\'a0the\'a0smell\'a0of\'a0burnt\'a0oil,\'a0wood,\'a0flesh,\'a0and\'a0iron.\'a0The\'a0catapults\'a0rhythmic\'a0launching\'a0of\'a0flaming\'a0ingots\'a0was\'a0a\'a0grating\'a0boom\'a0that\'a0occasionally\'a0synchronized\'a0with\'a0the\'a0beat\'a0of\'a0her\'a0heart.\'a0The\'a0spheres\'a0would\'a0occasionally\'a0crest\'a0the\'a0horizon,\'a0briefly\'a0flailing\'a0with\'a0orange\'a0rage,\'a0and\'a0disappear\'a0further\'a0afield.\
\
As\'a0she\'a0slung\'a0the\'a0last\'a0of\'a0the\'a0salt\'a0onto\'a0the\'a0field,\'a0Runa\'a0took\'a0a\'a0moment\'a0to\'a0pause\'a0and\'a0survey\'a0their\'a0progress.\'a0This\'a0field\'a0was\'a0nearly\'a0done.\'a0The\'a0white\'a0poison\'a0would\'a0ensure\'a0that\'a0nothing\'a0ever\'a0grew\'a0here\'a0again.\'a0She\'a0felt\'a0a\'a0pang\'a0of\'a0sadness\'a0that\'a0she\'a0instantly\'a0banished.\'a0She\'a0was\'a0too\'a0tired,\'a0and\'a0there\'a0was\'a0no\'a0hope\'a0for\'a0anyone\'a0in\'a0this\'a0land.\'a0Be\'a0it\'a0in\'a0battle\'a0or\'a0in\'a0bondage,\'a0they\'a0all\'a0fall.\
\
A\'a0familiar\'a0horn\'a0blast\'a0sounded\'a0from\'a0behind\'a0them,\'a0and\'a0a\'a0long\'a0haired\'a0figure\'a0on\'a0a\'a0horse\'a0galloped\'a0up\'a0near\'a0the\'a0wagon.\'a0"Pack\'a0it\'a0up,\'a0you\'a0dogs,"\'a0the\'a0slavemaster\'a0shouted.\
\
Torj\'a0and\'a0Riki\'a0were\'a0nearly\'a0prostrate\'a0on\'a0the\'a0floor\'a0of\'a0the\'a0wagon,\'a0as\'a0she\'a0addressed\'a0them\'a0and\'a0everyone\'a0else\'a0in\'a0a\'a0sweeping\'a0semi-circle.\'a0Her\'a0horse\'a0was\'a0adorned\'a0with\'a0dull\'a0armor\'a0along\'a0it's\'a0neck,\'a0back,\'a0and\'a0hindquarters.\'a0The\'a0woman\'a0herself\'a0was\'a0strapped\'a0into\'a0leather\'a0armored\'a0coverings\'a0more\'a0suitable\'a0for\'a0a\'a0warrior\'a0than\'a0a\'a0slave\'a0administrator.\
\
It\'a0made\'a0sense,\'a0Runa\'a0thought\'a0as\'a0she\'a0took\'a0her\'a0place\'a0in\'a0the\'a0single\'a0file\'a0line\'a0they\'a0formed\'a0before\'a0her,\'a0she\'a0had\'a0come\'a0from\'a0the\'a0ranks\'a0after\'a0their\'a0last\'a0master\'a0was\'a0slain\'a0during\'a0a\'a0well-timed\'a0Tunen\'a0foray\'a0last\'a0week.\'a0It\'a0explained\'a0all\'a0the\'a0ridiculous\'a0ceremony\'a0she\'a0demanded.\
\
The\'a0new\'a0girl\'a0struggled\'a0to\'a0appear\'a0calm,\'a0but\'a0Runa\'a0could\'a0see\'a0the\'a0knuckles\'a0of\'a0her\'a0hand\'a0white\'a0from\'a0clasping\'a0her\'a0pant\'a0leg.\'a0Master\'a0dismounted\'a0her\'a0horse\'a0in\'a0a\'a0fluid\'a0motion.\'a0Her\'a0legs\'a0and\'a0arms\'a0were\'a0powerful,\'a0even\'a0moreso\'a0than\'a0Runa's.\'a0She\'a0walked\'a0with\'a0a\'a0wide,\'a0sure\'a0gait\'a0and\'a0held\'a0her\'a0back\'a0straight.\'a0Her\'a0deep\'a0set\'a0blue\'a0eyes\'a0and\'a0evenly\'a0cut\'a0blonde\'a0hair\'a0gave\'a0her\'a0a\'a0distinctly\'a0proud\'a0demeanor.\
\
But\'a0the\'a0smirking\'a0curl\'a0of\'a0her\'a0lip\'a0and\'a0the\'a0cool\'a0intensity\'a0of\'a0her\'a0gaze\'a0told\'a0the\'a0real\'a0story.\'a0She\'a0removed\'a0the\'a0shackles\'a0from\'a0the\'a0horse's\'a0saddlebags\'a0and\'a0tossed\'a0each\'a0one\'a0to\'a0the\'a0group.\'a0Torj\'a0and\'a0Riki\'a0fumbled\'a0for\'a0theirs.\'a0Hoeg\'a0caught\'a0his\'a0easily.\'a0The\'a0new\'a0girl\'a0didn't\'a0react\'a0fast\'a0enough,\'a0and\'a0the\'a0thick,\'a0iron\'a0cuffs\'a0clipped\'a0her\'a0temple\'a0above\'a0her\'a0left\'a0eye.\'a0A\'a0thin,\'a0bloody\'a0line\'a0was\'a0visible\'a0as\'a0the\'a0girl\'a0sucked\'a0in\'a0her\'a0breath\'a0and\'a0retrieved\'a0them\'a0from\'a0the\'a0ground.\
\
The\'a0others\'a0squinted\'a0and\'a0remained\'a0uncomfortably\'a0still.\'a0Hoeg\'a0managed\'a0a\'a0brief\'a0glance\'a0at\'a0the\'a0new\'a0girl\'a0and\'a0Runa\'a0could\'a0see\'a0him\'a0hiding\'a0his\'a0anger.\'a0The\'a0master\'a0let\'a0her\'a0gaze\'a0linger\'a0briefly\'a0on\'a0Runa.\'a0Her\'a0eyes\'a0were\'a0sparkling\'a0with\'a0something\'a0that\'a0disguisted\'a0Runa.\'a0It\'a0was\'a0giddiness.\'a0The\'a0slavemaster\'a0was\'a0enjoying\'a0this,\'a0and\'a0at\'a0the\'a0same\'a0time\'a0was\'a0goading\'a0them.\
\
She\'a0threw\'a0the\'a0Runa's\'a0cuffs\'a0sharply\'a0at\'a0her\'a0face,\'a0but\'a0Runa\'a0caught\'a0them\'a0with\'a0one\'a0hand.\'a0The\'a0rusted\'a0metal\'a0painfully\'a0pinched\'a0her\'a0hand\'a0and\'a0the\'a0second\'a0cuff\'a0swung\'a0around\'a0it's\'a0chain\'a0links\'a0and\'a0sliced\'a0the\'a0back\'a0of\'a0her\'a0hand,\'a0but\'a0she\'a0didn't\'a0flinch.\'a0She\'a0set\'a0her\'a0eyes\'a0solidly\'a0on\'a0the\'a0slavemaster's.\'a0The\'a0woman's\'a0smirk\'a0twitched,\'a0and\'a0her\'a0expression\'a0slowly\'a0turned\'a0into\'a0irritation.\'a0She\'a0returned\'a0her\'a0attention\'a0to\'a0surveying\'a0the\'a0entire\'a0group.\
\
"Get\'a0them\'a0on,"\'a0she\'a0commanded\'a0as\'a0she\'a0mounted\'a0the\'a0steed\'a0again,\'a0"and\'a0let's\'a0move."\
\
Runa\'a0latched\'a0hers\'a0around\'a0her\'a0wrists\'a0and\'a0took\'a0her\'a0position\'a0at\'a0the\'a0head\'a0of\'a0the\'a0wagon\'a0pole.\'a0It\'a0was\'a0a\'a0long\'a0thick\'a0wooden\'a0trunk\'a0with\'a0hewn\'a0pegs\'a0at\'a0even\'a0spaces\'a0along\'a0the\'a0trunk\'a0for\'a0slaves\'a0to\'a0clasp\'a0and\'a0push\'a0with.\'a0Torj\'a0and\'a0Riki\'a0tried\'a0to\'a0lend\'a0the\'a0new\'a0girl\'a0a\'a0hand,\'a0as\'a0she\'a0was\'a0unsteady\'a0on\'a0her\'a0feet.\'a0The\'a0cut\'a0on\'a0her\'a0temple\'a0had\'a0leaked\'a0blood\'a0over\'a0her\'a0eye,\'a0and\'a0she\'a0was\'a0wiping\'a0it\'a0out\'a0of\'a0her\'a0face,\'a0smearing\'a0the\'a0red\'a0around\'a0her\'a0cheek\'a0and\'a0hair.\
\
"No!"\'a0Master\'a0shouted\'a0from\'a0the\'a0horse,\'a0"she'll\'a0live.\'a0Get\'a0this\'a0wagon\'a0moving\'a0now."\'a0The\'a0two\'a0young\'a0men\'a0froze\'a0and\'a0slowly\'a0backed\'a0away\'a0from\'a0the\'a0girl.\'a0The\'a0stared\'a0at\'a0the\'a0ground\'a0with\'a0their\'a0heads\'a0down\'a0as\'a0they\'a0took\'a0their\'a0positions\'a0at\'a0the\'a0wagon.\'a0Runa\'a0noticed\'a0Hoeg\'a0had\'a0already\'a0anticipated\'a0and\'a0was\'a0already\'a0in\'a0position\'a0behind\'a0her.\
\
The\'a0new\'a0girl\'a0was\'a0shivering,\'a0and\'a0she\'a0wiped\'a0at\'a0the\'a0blood,\'a0but\'a0she\'a0trudged\'a0to\'a0the\'a0wagon\'a0and\'a0grasped\'a0the\'a0directly\'a0alongside\'a0beside\'a0Runa.\'a0She\'a0looked\'a0briefly\'a0at\'a0her,\'a0and\'a0there\'a0was\'a0pain,\'a0hopelessness,\'a0and\'a0anger\'a0in\'a0her\'a0face.\'a0Runa\'a0swallowed\'a0hard\'a0and\'a0looked\'a0away\'a0and\'a0forward,\'a0toward\'a0their\'a0task.\
\
Master\'a0rode\'a0behind\'a0the\'a0wagon\'a0as\'a0they\'a0turned\'a0it\'a0and\'a0pushed\'a0it\'a0back\'a0through\'a0the\'a0salted\'a0crop\'a0field.\'a0The\'a0wooden\'a0wheels\'a0tumbled\'a0and\'a0groaned\'a0along\'a0the\'a0pinion.\'a0Runa\'a0focused\'a0on\'a0her\'a0hands\'a0and\'a0arms,\'a0keeping\'a0the\'a0muscles\'a0taut\'a0and\'a0engaged\'a0as\'a0they\'a0pushed.\'a0It\'a0wasn't\'a0the\'a0effort\'a0that\'a0tired\'a0a\'a0body,\'a0it\'a0was\'a0the\'a0ebb\'a0and\'a0flow\'a0of\'a0resistence.\'a0It\'a0was\'a0the\'a0starting\'a0and\'a0stopping,\'a0the\'a0hope\'a0and\'a0despair.\'a0To\'a0be\'a0continuous,\'a0that\'a0was\'a0the\'a0only\'a0way\'a0to\'a0maintain\'a0and\'a0avoid\'a0disappointment.\
\
As\'a0they\'a0passed\'a0from\'a0the\'a0crop\'a0field,\'a0the\'a0wagon\'a0wheels\'a0turned\'a0easier\'a0on\'a0top\'a0of\'a0smoother\'a0terrain.\'a0Barren,\'a0flat\'a0soil\'a0stretched\'a0before\'a0them.\'a0The\'a0ground\'a0was\'a0scattered\'a0sparesely\'a0with\'a0withered\'a0shrubs\'a0and\'a0clumps\'a0of\'a0brown\'a0grass\'a0between\'a0vast\'a0stretches\'a0of\'a0empty\'a0space.\'a0Some\'a0of\'a0that\'a0space\'a0had\'a0huge\'a0gouges\'a0in\'a0the\'a0earth\'a0and\'a0old\'a0barricades\'a0of\'a0dirt\'a0packed\'a0into\'a0now-abandoned\'a0trenches,\'a0encampments,\'a0and\'a0levies.\
\
One\'a0of\'a0them\'a0was\'a0still\'a0populated\'a0with\'a0a\'a0collection\'a0of\'a0large\'a0rope\'a0and\'a0leather\'a0tents.\'a0Cookfires\'a0were\'a0built\'a0in\'a0tight\'a0proximity\'a0in\'a0the\'a0center\'a0of\'a0the\'a0camp,\'a0and\'a0Sojuk\'a0soldiers\'a0were\'a0about\'a0their\'a0business\'a0of\'a0their\'a0evening\'a0meal.\'a0A\'a0patrol\'a0of\'a0them,\'a0twelve\'a0in\'a0all\'a0and\'a0doned\'a0with\'a0light\'a0armor,\'a0were\'a0being\'a0led\'a0by\'a0a\'a0Cavalier\'a0in\'a0a\'a0thick\'a0metal\'a0armor\'a0plate\'a0around\'a0his\'a0torso\'a0and\'a0a\'a0broad\'a0sword\'a0strapped\'a0over\'a0his\'a0back.\'a0The\'a0dust\'a0was\'a0pluming\'a0up\'a0around\'a0them\'a0as\'a0they\'a0marched\'a0in\'a0loose\'a0formation\'a0around\'a0the\'a0wide\'a0perimeter\'a0of\'a0the\'a0camp.\
\
Runa\'a0noticed\'a0a\'a0speck\'a0of\'a0red\'a0drop\'a0onto\'a0the\'a0light\'a0grain\'a0of\'a0the\'a0wagon\'a0pole\'a0on\'a0the\'a0right\'a0side\'a0of\'a0her\'a0vision.\'a0She\'a0glanced\'a0up\'a0at\'a0the\'a0new\'a0girl\'a0and\'a0saw\'a0the\'a0blood\'a0was\'a0coming\'a0down\'a0quickly,\'a0a\'a0trail\'a0led\'a0down\'a0to\'a0her\'a0chin\'a0where\'a0the\'a0drops\'a0were\'a0flinging\'a0with\'a0the\'a0movement\'a0of\'a0her\'a0struggle\'a0to\'a0push.\
\
"Ease\'a0up\'a0a\'a0little,"\'a0she\'a0said\'a0quietly.\
\
The\'a0girl\'a0seemed\'a0to\'a0wake\'a0from\'a0a\'a0fog\'a0and\'a0looked\'a0over\'a0at\'a0her\'a0with\'a0surprise.\'a0"Huh?"\
\
"Stop\'a0pushing\'a0so\'a0hard.\'a0You\'a0don't\'a0add\'a0much\'a0to\'a0us\'a0anyway.\'a0No\'a0need\'a0to\'a0shove\'a0the\'a0blood\'a0right\'a0out\'a0of\'a0your\'a0head,"\'a0she\'a0said.\
\
The\'a0girl\'a0looked\'a0away\'a0at\'a0her\'a0feet\'a0and\'a0Runa\'a0felt\'a0her\'a0stop\'a0pushing\'a0as\'a0hard.\'a0They\'a0were\'a0nearly\'a0at\'a0camp.\'a0"Am\'a0I\'a0going\'a0to\'a0die\'a0here?"\'a0she\'a0suddenly\'a0asked.\'a0The\'a0girl's\'a0voice\'a0was\'a0quiet\'a0but\'a0choked.\'a0Runa\'a0saw\'a0that\'a0her\'a0eyes\'a0were\'a0welling\'a0up\'a0with\'a0tears.\
\
Runa\'a0frowned\'a0and\'a0stared\'a0forward\'a0through\'a0the\'a0noisy\'a0camp,\'a0"Probably."\
\
"We'll\'a0cut\'a0some\'a0cloth\'a0and\'a0bandage\'a0your\'a0head\'a0when\'a0we\'a0return,\'a0Alma.\'a0You\'a0will\'a0be\'a0fine,"\'a0Hoeg\'a0asserted\'a0gruffly\'a0from\'a0behind\'a0Runa.\'a0\'a0Runa\'a0could\'a0hear\'a0the\'a0disapproval\'a0in\'a0his\'a0voice.\
\
Alma\'a0sniffled\'a0once,\'a0took\'a0in\'a0a\'a0centering\'a0breath,\'a0and\'a0promptly\'a0wiped\'a0the\'a0her\'a0eyes\'a0and\'a0cheeks.\'a0Little\'a0trails\'a0clean\'a0skin\'a0now\'a0smeared\'a0together\'a0in\'a0a\'a0mixture\'a0of\'a0dust,\'a0dirt,\'a0and\'a0tears.\'a0Except\'a0for\'a0the\'a0grime\'a0and\'a0dirt,\'a0the\'a0girl\'a0was\'a0beautiful\'a0in\'a0a\'a0quaint\'a0way,\'a0probably\'a0the\'a0envy\'a0of\'a0many\'a0nearby\'a0farm\'a0hands.\'a0Her\'a0hair\'a0used\'a0to\'a0be\'a0silken\'a0and\'a0straight,\'a0flowing\'a0brown\'a0-\'a0now\'a0chopped\'a0at\'a0the\'a0ears\'a0and\'a0tangled\'a0with\'a0small\'a0knots.\'a0Her\'a0neck\'a0was\'a0thin,\'a0long,\'a0and\'a0delicate\'a0like\'a0her\'a0cheeks\'a0and\'a0nose.\
\
In\'a0truth,\'a0Runa\'a0thought,\'a0Alma\'a0should\'a0worry\'a0more\'a0about\'a0probing\'a0hands\'a0than\'a0dying\'a0from\'a0the\'a0Master's\'a0hand.\'a0She\'a0glanced\'a0around\'a0at\'a0the\'a0soldiers\'a0squatting\'a0or\'a0standing\'a0over\'a0their\'a0cook\'a0fires.\'a0Many\'a0of\'a0them\'a0were\'a0still\'a0wearing\'a0armor\'a0and\'a0fresh\'a0from\'a0the\'a0field.\'a0The\'a0wounded\'a0would\'a0be\'a0tended\'a0up\'a0near\'a0the\'a0sick\'a0tent\'a0at\'a0the\'a0end\'a0of\'a0camp\'a0furthest\'a0from\'a0the\'a0front\'a0line.\
\
A\'a0few\'a0of\'a0them\'a0smiled\'a0cruelly\'a0at\'a0them\'a0as\'a0they\'a0passed,\'a0while\'a0most\'a0simply\'a0stared\'a0down\'a0at\'a0their\'a0meal\'a0or\'a0steadily\'a0into\'a0their\'a0fires.\'a0Of\'a0those\'a0who\'a0did\'a0stare,\'a0Runa\'a0clenched\'a0her\'a0teeth\'a0as\'a0some\'a0of\'a0them\'a0licked\'a0their\'a0lips\'a0and\'a0eyed\'a0her\'a0and\'a0Alma\'a0up\'a0and\'a0down.\
\
The\'a0wagon\'a0finally\'a0slowed\'a0and\'a0stopped\'a0in\'a0front\'a0of\'a0their\'a0enclosed\'a0quarters.\'a0Loose\'a0wooden\'a0fencing\'a0surrounded\'a0a\'a0large\'a0building\'a0where\'a0they\'a0slept\'a0and\'a0ate.\'a0A\'a0small\'a0privy\'a0shack\'a0was\'a0off\'a0to\'a0one\'a0side,\'a0disconnected\'a0from\'a0their\'a0quarters.}