{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Alokai sat on the back of the wagon with his legs hanging a few inches off the ground. He turned the worn wooden square 90 degrees and smoothed his paper out across it\'92s surface. He squinted, sighed, and tossed his wide brimmed hat behind him roughly. \'93I can\'92t figure out the pressure!\'94 He shouted.\
Loto called through the tented wagon where curtains separated the coach seat, \'93Can\'92t you multiply by the volume?\'94\
One of the ox pulling the wagon chuffed at the sudden voice of his father who\'92d been silent for some time. But their rhythmic clopping continued unchanged. A set of four wagons in caravan together had been on the road to Talnu Va\'92nua since yesterday.\
\'93If I do that, I get crazy numbers. We would need a boiler the size of this wagon.\'94\
Lots chuckled, \'93Sounds reasonable to me. How do you know you\'92re wrong?\'94\
Alokai paused, frowned and turned around to stare at his father. \'93But that\'85 that can\'92t be right, surely\'85\'94\
\'93How can you know for sure if you don\'92t try it?\'94\
Alokai huffed in exasperation and turned around to look out over the passing beach. \'93That would take forever. It would take me weeks to build that size boiler and all that wasted time if it doesn\'92t work?\'94\
\'93Great things take great risk. You have to decide what you\'92re after.\'94\
A sharp voice called out at the head of the caravan and the wagons rolled gently to a stop. They were at Talnu Va\'92nua. He heard Loto call out and hop down from the seat. Alokai bounced off the edge of the wagon and walked around to see the port village glowing in the morning sun, rose hues wrapping around the huts and planked board walks that stretched out over the low waves cascading inland. The Bay of Manua was warm and peaceful today, and Alokai quietly enjoyed the cool breeze rolling along the beach and up his arms. The scent of salt, fish, and fires made him feel at home and at ease.\
The village was easily double the size of Galube\'92i and busier. Their port saw frequent ship traffic from the Empire mainland for trade goods, news, and traveling fleets. Most of the village structures were built to support the port, evident by the taller squarish units for dockside trade and storage, a couple inns that could house a decently sized ship\'92s worth of crew. Alokai noticed there was a newly christened Empire schooner tied at one of the piers. His father noticed it, too.\
\'93They\'92ve come already, I see. Stone not even out of the ground and they are salivating like dogs.\'94 Loto commented in a low voice, shaking his head.\
\'93The Sojuks? Why?\'94 Alokai asked.\
\'93The war, I suppose. It\'92s always war. Takes materials to keep a siege running. From what I hear, the northlanders are a brutal people and the Empire is losing ground.\'94\
\'93What!? What will happen to us?\'94 Alokai shouted.\
Loto laughed, \'93Oh, calm down. The northlanders I\'92m sure just want to be left alone, and the Empire isn\'92t going anywhere. I think they just want someone else to conquer. Besides,\'94 he clapped Alokai\'92s shoulder and smirked, \'93It\'92s more business for us! We get to setup this mine rail, and you get to build a wagon-sized boiler. Let\'92s get to the mine camp.\'94\
Alokai rolled his eyes and returned to the wagons. The village\'92s residents lived in huts set back and scattered some distance from the port. }