{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The\'a0old\'a0man\'a0was\'a0the\'a0only\'a0one\'a0on\'a0the\'a0ship\'a0who\'a0wasn't\'a0wet.\'a0That\'a0wasn't\'a0for\'a0lack\'a0of\'a0rain,\'a0as\'a0he\'a0leaned\'a0on\'a0his\'a0cane\'a0and\'a0stared\'a0out\'a0over\'a0the\'a0bow.\'a0The\'a0other\'a0crew\'a0were\'a0too\'a0busy\'a0with\'a0securing\'a0the\'a0rigging\'a0and\'a0adjusting\'a0the\'a0sails\'a0against\'a0the\'a0wind\'a0to\'a0notice\'a0his\'a0weathered\'a0brown\'a0garment\'a0was\'a0completely\'a0dry.\'a0But\'a0Shelton\'a0noticed.\
\
The\'a0wind\'a0pulled\'a0the\'a0man's\'a0grey\'a0beard,\'a0but\'a0each\'a0drop\'a0of\'a0water\'a0seemed\'a0to\'a0warp\'a0around\'a0his\'a0body,\'a0leaving\'a0a\'a0sharp\'a0circle\'a0of\'a0dryness\'a0around\'a0his\'a0mud-covered\'a0boots.\
\
Shelton\'a0wiped\'a0the\'a0rain\'a0from\'a0his\'a0face\'a0and\'a0shouted\'a0over\'a0the\'a0wind,\'a0"We\'a0pull\'a0into\'a0port\'a0at\'a0sundown.\'a0You\'a0may\'a0want\'a0to\'a0get\'a0below\'a0decks."\'a0The\'a0old\'a0man\'a0nodded\'a0without\'a0turning.\'a0He\'a0seemed\'a0to\'a0be\'a0staring\'a0intently\'a0ahead\'a0of\'a0the\'a0bow\'a0of\'a0the\'a0ship,\'a0head\'a0locked,\'a0and\'a0his\'a0body\'a0was\'a0solid\'a0and\'a0unswaying\'a0on\'a0the\'a0deck\'a0without\'a0much\'a0effort\'a0while\'a0Shelton\'a0craned\'a0his\'a0hips\'a0and\'a0thighs\'a0to\'a0keep\'a0aright\'a0against\'a0the\'a0gale.\
\
The\'a0gusts\'a0picked\'a0up\'a0speed\'a0and\'a0the\'a0ship's\'a0boom\'a0creaked\'a0as\'a0it\'a0swung\'a0violently,\'a0taking\'a0a\'a0few\'a0of\'a0the\'a0crew\'a0tumbling\'a0across\'a0the\'a0deck.\'a0He\'a0made\'a0out\'a0more\'a0shouting\'a0through\'a0the\'a0wind.\'a0The\'a0sea\'a0was\'a0starting\'a0to\'a0pick\'a0up\'a0into\'a0high\'a0waves\'a0as\'a0the\'a0storm\'a0rolled\'a0in.\'a0He\'a0could\'a0smell\'a0fresh\'a0salt\'a0and\'a0brine.\
\
As\'a0Shelton\'a0struggled\'a0against\'a0ropes\'a0to\'a0bring\'a0the\'a0boom\'a0around,\'a0he\'a0glanced\'a0at\'a0the\'a0old\'a0man\'a0and\'a0saw\'a0him\'a0stare\'a0at\'a0the\'a0deck\'a0and\'a0slowly\'a0turn\'a0around\'a0as\'a0if\'a0following\'a0a\'a0trail\'a0on\'a0along\'a0the\'a0boards.\'a0His\'a0eyes\'a0landed\'a0on\'a0Shelton\'a0and\'a0the\'a0others,\'a0and\'a0for\'a0a\'a0moment\'a0he\'a0looked\'a0forlorn\'a0and\'a0sad.\'a0It\'a0was\'a0a\'a0strange\'a0expression\'a0to\'a0see\'a0in\'a0the\'a0midst\'a0of\'a0the\'a0storm's\'a0panic.\'a0Shelton\'a0had\'a0no\'a0time\'a0for\'a0it,\'a0he\'a0continued\'a0pulling\'a0the\'a0boom.\
\
A\'a0loud\'a0crunch\'a0erupted\'a0from\'a0aft\'a0with\'a0a\'a0tall\'a0plume\'a0of\'a0water.\'a0Shelton\'a0stumbled\'a0to\'a0his\'a0knees\'a0as\'a0the\'a0ship\'a0was\'a0yanked\'a0roughly\'a0to\'a0the\'a0side.\'a0The\'a0old\'a0man\'a0was\'a0suddenly\'a0in\'a0the\'a0air,\'a0clearing\'a0the\'a0rail.\'a0He\'a0twisted\'a0his\'a0body\'a0to\'a0clasp\'a0it\'a0with\'a0his\'a0hand\'a0and\'a0cane\'a0and\'a0set\'a0his\'a0feet\'a0on\'a0the\'a0outer\'a0hull.\'a0The\'a0ship\'a0started\'a0to\'a0pitch.\
\
Shelton\'a0quickly\'a0scanned\'a0the\'a0turbulent\'a0seas\'a0for\'a0Imperial\'a0or\'a0Pirate\'a0vessels.\'a0There\'a0could\'a0be\'a0no\'a0rocks\'a0in\'a0these\'a0deep\'a0waters,\'a0so\'a0surely\'a0they\'a0were\'a0being\'a0fired\'a0on.\'a0Strange\'a0that\'a0he\'a0had\'a0heard\'a0no\'a0cannons.\
\
Planks\'a0were\'a0coming\'a0apart\'a0at\'a0the\'a0seams,\'a0creaking\'a0and\'a0cracking.\'a0They\'a0curled\'a0or\'a0snapped\'a0as\'a0parts\'a0of\'a0the\'a0vessel\'a0were\'a0unceremoniously\'a0broken\'a0into\'a0chunks\'a0and\'a0plunged\'a0into\'a0the\'a0sea.\'a0Shelton\'a0was\'a0beyond\'a0terrified,\'a0hanging\'a0sideways\'a0onto\'a0the\'a0hull\'a0as\'a0the\'a0remnant\'a0began\'a0to\'a0rapidly\'a0sink,\'a0and\'a0for\'a0some\'a0reason\'a0he\'a0felt\'a0an\'a0urge\'a0to\'a0flee\'a0in\'a0the\'a0same\'a0direction\'a0as\'a0the\'a0old\'a0man,\'a0even\'a0while\'a0his\'a0other\'a0shipmates\'a0were\'a0leaping\'a0into\'a0the\'a0choppy\'a0tides\'a0below.\
\
He\'a0clamored\'a0up\'a0to\'a0stand\'a0on\'a0the\'a0port\'a0hull\'a0of\'a0the\'a0fully\'a0pitched\'a0and\'a0sinking\'a0ship.\'a0The\'a0old\'a0man\'a0stood\'a0calmly\'a0as\'a0the\'a0foam\'a0and\'a0roaring\'a0waves\'a0slowly\'a0brought\'a0down\'a0the\'a0ship,\'a0and\'a0Shelton\'a0was\'a0overwhelmed\'a0with\'a0unnatural\'a0fear.\'a0But\'a0the\'a0old\'a0man\'a0directed\'a0his\'a0face\'a0in\'a0a\'a0quick\'a0circle\'a0around\'a0the\'a0hull\'a0under\'a0his\'a0feet,\'a0briefly\'a0held\'a0up\'a0his\'a0cane\'a0and\'a0stamped\'a0it\'a0onto\'a0the\'a0wood.\
\
The\'a0portside\'a0bow\'a0ripped\'a0in\'a0one\'a0smooth\'a0movement\'a0from\'a0it's\'a0nails,\'a0tar,\'a0and\'a0struts\'a0with\'a0the\'a0old\'a0man\'a0and\'a0Shelton\'a0standing\'a0on\'a0it.\'a0For\'a0a\'a0brief\'a0moment,\'a0they\'a0were\'a0airborne\'a0but\'a0somehow\'a0standing\'a0aright\'a0as\'a0the\'a0severed\'a0section\'a0of\'a0the\'a0ship\'a0seemed\'a0to\'a0jump\'a0of\'a0it's\'a0own\'a0accord\'a0into\'a0the\'a0roaring\'a0storm,\'a0rotate\'a0of\'a0some\'a0twenty\'a0degrees\'a0and\'a0put\'a0down\'a0roughly\'a0but\'a0flat\'a0into\'a0the\'a0sea.\
\
Shelton\'a0fell\'a0to\'a0his\'a0stomach\'a0as\'a0soon\'a0as\'a0they\'a0landed,\'a0expecting\'a0to\'a0go\'a0under,\'a0but\'a0it\'a0didn't\'a0happen.\'a0The\'a0platform\'a0floated,\'a0and\'a0the\'a0old\'a0man\'a0still\'a0stood\'a0erect.\'a0He\'a0held\'a0his\'a0can\'a0firmly\'a0against\'a0the\'a0wooden\'a0floor\'a0and\'a0stared\'a0straight\'a0ahead,\'a0the\'a0direction\'a0the\'a0ship\'a0had\'a0been\'a0sailing.\'a0\
\
Shelton\'a0glanced\'a0back\'a0and\'a0saw\'a0the\'a0last\'a0of\'a0the\'a0ship\'a0sink\'a0below\'a0the\'a0waves.\'a0Flotsam,\'a0debris,\'a0and\'a0bodies\'a0bobbed\'a0in\'a0the\'a0rolling\'a0waves.\'a0Some\'a0arms\'a0were\'a0waving\'a0and\'a0he\'a0could\'a0hear\'a0distant\'a0shouts\'a0carried\'a0on\'a0the\'a0winds.\
\
"We\'a0must\'a0help\'a0them!\'a0There's\'a0room!"\'a0he\'a0shouted\'a0to\'a0the\'a0old\'a0man.\
\
The\'a0old\'a0man\'a0turned\'a0slowly\'a0to\'a0face\'a0him.\'a0He\'a0didn't\'a0make\'a0any\'a0attempt\'a0to\'a0speak\'a0but\'a0just\'a0observed\'a0him.\'a0Shelton\'a0frowned\'a0and\'a0opened\'a0his\'a0mouth\'a0to\'a0plead\'a0again,\'a0but\'a0something\'a0about\'a0the\'a0old\'a0man\'a0halted\'a0his\'a0breath.\'a0As\'a0he\'a0stared\'a0into\'a0the\'a0wrinkled\'a0face\'a0-\'a0the\'a0pale\'a0face\'a0of\'a0any\'a0old\'a0Sojuk\'a0empire\'a0man\'a0-\'a0some\'a0significance,\'a0some\'a0weight\'a0began\'a0to\'a0creep\'a0into\'a0his\'a0mind.\'a0He\'a0was\'a0looking\'a0at\'a0someone\'a0special,\'a0someone\'a0great,\'a0and\'a0someone\'a0much\'a0older\'a0than\'a0the\'a0skin\'a0and\'a0bones\'a0before\'a0him.\
\
It\'a0was\'a0dreams\'a0and\'a0myth,\'a0a\'a0howling\'a0instinctual\'a0reaction,\'a0that\'a0triggered\'a0every\'a0indicator\'a0in\'a0his\'a0chest\'a0and\'a0stomach.\'a0Magnitude\'a0beyond\'a0understanding.\'a0Like\'a0the\'a0old\'a0man\'a0would\'a0always\'a0be\'a0here,\'a0standing\'a0on\'a0this\'a0jagged\'a0ship\'a0piece.\'a0Like\'a0he\'a0had\'a0always\'a0existed,\'a0before\'a0the\'a0empire,\'a0before\'a0the\'a0sea,\'a0before\'a0Tamareth\'a0itself.\'a0He\'a0was\'a0as\'a0ancient\'a0as\'a0remembering\'a0itself.\'a0He\'a0was\'a0a\'a0god.\
\
"I'm\'a0sorry,"\'a0the\'a0old\'a0man's\'a0voice\'a0spoke\'a0inside\'a0Shelton's\'a0head.\'a0Although\'a0the\'a0man\'a0stood\'a0in\'a0place,\'a0Shelton\'a0felt\'a0his\'a0body\'a0suddenly\'a0wrapped,\'a0picked\'a0up,\'a0and\'a0dumped\'a0into\'a0the\'a0rushing\'a0sea.\'a0He\'a0thrashed\'a0in\'a0the\'a0water\'a0trying\'a0to\'a0remove\'a0his\'a0heavy\'a0boots\'a0and\'a0clothing,\'a0coughing\'a0and\'a0sputtering\'a0when\'a0he\'a0crested\'a0the\'a0surface\'a0again,\'a0unable\'a0to\'a0get\'a0them\'a0off.\'a0But\'a0now\'a0where\'a0the\'a0old\'a0man\'a0and\'a0floating\'a0platform\'a0had\'a0been\'a0a\'a0moment\'a0ago\'a0there\'a0was\'a0nothing.\
\
The\'a0last\'a0thing\'a0Shelton\'a0and\'a0his\'a0crew\'a0saw\'a0was\'a0a\'a0wave\'a0the\'a0size\'a0of\'a0a\'a0mountain,\'a0curling\'a0up\'a0straight\'a0like\'a0a\'a0wall,\'a0moving\'a0with\'a0slow\'a0sureness.\'a0Before\'a0it\'a0consumed\'a0them\'a0he\'a0thought\'a0he\'a0saw\'a0the\'a0old\'a0man\'a0atop\'a0his\'a0makeshift\'a0platform,\'a0standing\'a0still\'a0and\'a0easy,\'a0cane\'a0touching\'a0firmly,\'a0staring\'a0straight\'a0ahead,\'a0rising\'a0up,\'a0over,\'a0and\'a0onward.}