{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri400\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Step 1)
\f1\b0  Take an hour and write a one-sentence summary of your novel. Something like this: "A rogue physicist travels back in time to kill the apostle Paul." (This is the summary for my first novel, Transgression.) The sentence will serve you forever as a ten-second selling tool. This is the big picture, the analog of that big starting triangle in the snowflake picture.\
When you later write your book proposal, this sentence should appear very early in the proposal. It's the hook that will sell your book to your editor, to your committee, to the sales force, to bookstore owners, and ultimately to readers. So make the best one you can!\
Some hints on what makes a good sentence:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri200\sa60\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Shorter is better. Try for fewer than 15 words.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}No character names, please! Better to say "a handicapped trapeze artist" than "Jane Doe".\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Tie together the big picture and the personal picture. Which character has the most to lose in this story? Now tell me what he or she wants to win.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Read the one-line blurbs on the New York Times Bestseller list to learn how to do this. Writing a one-sentence description is an art form.}