{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The\'a0Empire\'a0is\'a0the\'a0political\'a0force\'a0that\'a0dominates\'a0the\'a0world\'a0of\'a0Tamereth,\'a0although\'a0there\'a0remains\'a0some\'a0native-led\'a0regions\'a0of\'a0the\'a0world.\'a0It\'a0is\'a0older\'a0than\'a0antiquety\'a0with\'a0a\'a0storied\'a0past,\'a0but\'a0for\'a0the\'a0last\'a0several\'a0generations\'a0it\'a0has\'a0been\'a0expanding\'a0its\'a0reach\'a0by\'a0conquering\'a0new\'a0lands.\'a0It\'a0has\'a0grown\'a0big\'a0enough\'a0that\'a0food\'a0production\'a0is\'a0relegated\'a0to\'a0specific\'a0areas\'a0of\'a0the\'a0empire\'a0so\'a0that\'a0the\'a0military\'a0can\'a0use\'a0scorch\'a0and\'a0burn\'a0tactics.\
The\'a0Empire\'a0has\'a0a\'a0reputation.\'a0Inside,\'a0as\'a0a\'a0citizen\'a0of\'a0Empire,\'a0some\'a0may\'a0never\'a0witness\'a0the\'a0terrors\'a0that\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0acts\'a0on\'a0others,\'a0as\'a0those\'a0are\'a0mostly\'a0along\'a0the\'a0border\'a0areas\'a0that\'a0touch\'a0unconquered\'a0lands.\'a0Those\'a0citizens\'a0love\'a0and\'a0praise\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0for\'a0it's\'a0provision\'a0and\'a0protection\'a0-\'a0with\'a0hearts\'a0full\'a0of\'a0pride\'a0for\'a0their\'a0strong\'a0country.\'a0Other\'a0citizens\'a0are\'a0more\'a0exposed\'a0to\'a0the\'a0current\'a0war\'a0or\'a0it's\'a0recently\'a0conquered\'a0peoples\'a0near\'a0the\'a0North\'a0of\'a0Empire\'a0have\'a0a\'a0much\'a0darker\'a0view\'a0of\'a0their\'a0overlords\'a0-\'a0and\'a0see\'a0them\'a0as\'a0merciless\'a0tyrants.\'a0In\'a0those\'a0regions\'a0of\'a0the\'a0Empire,\'a0the\'a0Emperor's\'a0men\'a0must\'a0rule\'a0with\'a0a\'a0harder\'a0fist\'a0to\'a0squelch\'a0potential\'a0uprising\'a0and\'a0lead\'a0with\'a0cold\'a0determination.\
In\'a0the\'a0last\'a0several\'a0years,\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0has\'a0struggled\'a0with\'a0the\'a0nearest\'a0Northern\'a0region\'a0in\'a0war\'a0-\'a0unable\'a0to\'a0make\'a0much\'a0ground\'a0without\'a0losing\'a0it.\'a0The\'a0Northern\'a0peoples\'a0are\'a0strong\'a0and\'a0fight\'a0with\'a0preternatural\'a0reflexes,\'a0the\'a0most\'a0accomplished\'a0of\'a0any\'a0warriors\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0has\'a0faced\'a0before.\'a0However,\'a0where\'a0they\'a0excel\'a0at\'a0man-to-man\'a0combat\'a0they\'a0lack\'a0in\'a0war-like\'a0technology\'a0and\'a0are\'a0starting\'a0to\'a0lose\'a0ground\'a0to\'a0the\'a0Empire's\'a0new\'a0war\'a0machines.\
##\'a0Calendar\
January=Ocul\
February=Subba\
March=Marba\
April=Nisaz\
May=Mayis\'a0hir\
June=Hazipak\
July=Temmkaz\
August=Augukoay\
September=Eylzul\
Oct=Ekgeurc\
Nov=Kasinda\
Dec=Arasihin\
Mon=paza\
Tue=salza\
Wed=carsa\
Thu=perse\
Fri=cuma\
Sat=cumart\
Sun=pazar\
Ancient\'a0Days=AD\
Tunen\'a0Era=TE\
Age\'a0of\'a0Sojuk=AS}