{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 #\'a0Alokai\
##\'a0Summary:\
*\'a0A\'a0young\'a0apprentice\'a0engineer\'a0discovers\'a0an\'a0artifact\'a0that\'a0grants\'a0him\'a0magical\'a0abilities\'a0and\'a0journeys\'a0to\'a0the\'a0center\'a0of\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0to\'a0deliver\'a0a\'a0warning\'a0about\'a0impending\'a0magical\'a0armageddon.\
##\'a0Motivation:\
*\'a0wants\'a0to\'a0find\'a0his\'a0place\'a0within\'a0greater\'a0whole\
*\'a0admires\'a0well-constructed\'a0things\'a0(buildings,\'a0crafted\'a0items,\'a0stories)\
*\'a0feels\'a0justice\'a0in\'a0trading\'a0individual\'a0happiness\'a0for\'a0collective\'a0happiness\
##\'a0Goal:\
*\'a0travel\'a0to\'a0the\'a0capital\'a0of\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0(Dalga\'a0Mak)\'a0to\'a0warn\'a0the\'a0Emperor\'a0of\'a0the\'a0magical\'a0armageddon\
##\'a0Conflict:\
*\'a0**External**:\
\'a0\'a0*\'a0magic\'a0events\'a0slow\'a0his\'a0progress\
\'a0\'a0*\'a0politics/wars\'a0slow\'a0his\'a0progress\
\'a0\'a0*\'a0antagonist\'a0steals\'a0his\'a0part\'a0of\'a0the\'a0artifact\
*\'a0**Internal**:\
\'a0\'a0*\'a0fear\'a0of\'a0loneliness\
##\'a0Epiphany:\
*\'a0the\'a0magic\'a0in\'a0the\'a0world\'a0is\'a0imbalanced\'a0and\'a0must\'a0be\'a0balanced\
*\'a0leadership\'a0through\'a0sacrifice\'a0can\'a0change\'a0hearts\'a0and\'a0minds\'a0and\'a0is\'a0key\'a0to\'a0restoring\'a0balance\'a0to\'a0the\'a0world\
##\'a0Map\'a0travel\'a0path:\
Galube'i\'a0>\'a0Talnu\'a0Va'nua\'a0>\'a0On\'a0ship\'a0>\'a0Papak\'a0port\'a0>\'a0Ship\'a0crash\'a0at\'a0Imis\'a0>\'a0Atere\'a0>\'a0Donzul\'a0>\'a0Tehmus\'a0>\'a0Sanci\'a0>\'a0Dalga\'a0Mak\'a0>\'a0Shortcut\'a0to\'a0eastern\'a0shore\'a0and\'a0board\'a0ship\'a0>\'a0Hehtaa\'a0>\'a0Ihnis\
##\'a0Character\'a0Synopsis\
Alokai\'a0is\'a0coming\'a0of\'a0age\'a0in\'a0a\'a0relatively\'a0quiet\'a0island\'a0village\'a0on\'a0the\'a0border\'a0of\'a0the\'a0Empire.\'a0He\'a0was\'a0adopted\'a0by\'a0the\'a0island's\'a0Master\'a0Builder\'a0as\'a0an\'a0orphaned\'a0child\'a0and\'a0learned\'a0the\'a0trade\'a0of\'a0drafting\'a0and\'a0planning\'a0the\'a0larger\'a0buildings\'a0and\'a0settlements\'a0of\'a0the\'a0island.\'a0His\'a0father\'a0is\'a0respected\'a0amongst\'a0the\'a0people\'a0(and\'a0also\'a0a\'a0valuable/rare\'a0trade)\'a0and\'a0is\'a0given\'a0some\'a0latitude\'a0in\'a0engaging\'a0in\'a0eccentric\'a0hobbies\'a0like\'a0mechanical\'a0engineering.\'a0While\'a0during\'a0the\'a0day\'a0Alokai\'a0assists\'a0in\'a0what\'a0he\'a0feels\'a0is\'a0boring\'a0drafts\'a0of\'a0alehouses,\'a0inns,\'a0town\'a0squares,\'a0travel\'a0road\'a0infrastructure,\'a0during\'a0the\'a0evenings\'a0he\'a0indulges\'a0in\'a0building\'a0mechanical\'a0contraptions\'a0and\'a0sketching\'a0conceptual\'a0ideas.\
He\'a0discovers\'a0a\'a0piece\'a0of\'a0a\'a0mysterious\'a0artifact\'a0in\'a0a\'a0remote\'a0job\'a0site,\'a0and\'a0soon\'a0after\'a0begins\'a0feeling\'a0connections\'a0to\'a0magic.\'a0He\'a0is\'a0sometimes\'a0able\'a0to\'a0perceive\'a0the\'a0roads\'a0by\'a0which\'a0magic\'a0travels\'a0-\'a0lines\'a0of\'a0connection\'a0between\'a0living\'a0and\'a0non-living\'a0things.\'a0He\'a0gains\'a0a\'a0companion\'a0-\'a0a\'a0magical\'a0creature\'a0called\'a0a\'a0featherhound.\'a0It\'a0can\'a0speak\'a0only\'a0to\'a0Alokai.\'a0Alokai\'a0is\'a0scared\'a0and\'a0confused\'a0of\'a0his\'a0magical\'a0affinities\'a0at\'a0first,\'a0but\'a0begins\'a0to\'a0explore\'a0and\'a0experiment\'a0with\'a0his\'a0new\'a0abilities\'a0with\'a0the\'a0help\'a0and\'a0encouragement\'a0of\'a0the\'a0featherhound.\
Around\'a0this\'a0time,\'a0tremors\'a0and\'a0earthquakes\'a0nearly\'a0destroy\'a0the\'a0island.\'a0Alokai\'a0is\'a0the\'a0only\'a0one\'a0who\'a0can\'a0perceive\'a0the\'a0source\'a0of\'a0the\'a0destruction\'a0as\'a0magical\'a0and\'a0against\'a0his\'a0village's\'a0wishes\'a0he\'a0sets\'a0out\'a0to\'a0inform\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0of\'a0the\'a0coming\'a0magical\'a0destruction\'a0(of\'a0which\'a0only\'a0he\'a0can\'a0see\'a0and\'a0sense).\
He\'a0determines\'a0the\'a0fastest\'a0journey\'a0to\'a0Dalga\'a0Mak\'a0is\'a0a\'a0ship\'a0to\'a0Donzul.\'a0\'a0After\'a0evading\'a0disaster\'a0through\'a0piracy\'a0and\'a0gaining\'a0a\'a0congenial\'a0scoundrel\'a0companion\'a0he\'a0gets\'a0to\'a0the\'a0small\'a0port\'a0of\'a0Papak\'a0for\'a0resupply.\'a0Antagonistic\'a0magical\'a0creatures\'a0spawn,\'a0inhibiting\'a0their\'a0progress.\'a0The\'a0ship\'a0crashes\'a0as\'a0it\'a0rounds\'a0the\'a0bottom\'a0of\'a0the\'a0continent\'a0and\'a0they\'a0go\'a0on\'a0foot\'a0to\'a0Imis.\'a0\'a0He\'a0aids\'a0Imis\'a0by\'a0using\'a0his\'a0engineering\'a0skills\'a0to\'a0solve\'a0a\'a0big\'a0problem.\'a0\'a0Additionally,\'a0small\'a0confrontations\'a0between\'a0rebellion\'a0idealogies\'a0and\'a0Empire\'a0supporters\'a0interrupt\'a0their\'a0journey\'a0and\'a0require\'a0clever\'a0handling\'a0to\'a0escape.\'a0Along\'a0the\'a0way,\'a0he\'a0begins\'a0to\'a0sense\'a0Runa's\'a0growing\'a0power\'a0from\'a0a\'a0distance.\'a0He\'a0can\'a0also\'a0sense\'a0her\'a0journey's\'a0trajectory\'a0paralleling\'a0his\'a0own.\'a0They\'a0begin\'a0to\'a0interact\'a0with\'a0each\'a0other\'a0through\'a0their\'a0magical\'a0ability,\'a0and\'a0they\'a0develop\'a0a\'a0relationship.\
In\'a0the\'a0great\'a0city\'a0of\'a0Dalga\'a0Mak,\'a0Runa\'a0and\'a0Alokai\'a0meet\'a0in\'a0person\'a0as\'a0forces\'a0of\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0and\'a0Rebellion\'a0clash\'a0in\'a0a\'a0large\'a0confrontation.\'a0Here\'a0he\'a0chooses\'a0to\'a0aid\'a0the\'a0city\'a0of\'a0Dalga\'a0Mak\'a0with\'a0defenses\'a0to\'a0protect\'a0the\'a0innocent,\'a0but\'a0Runa\'a0interprets\'a0this\'a0as\'a0working\'a0for\'a0the\'a0enemy.\'a0He\'a0is\'a0betrayed\'a0by\'a0Runa\'a0and\'a0she\'a0steals\'a0his\'a0artifact\'a0which\'a0dampens\'a0his\'a0magical\'a0powers.\'a0She\'a0reforges\'a0the\'a0two\'a0pieces\'a0into\'a0one,\'a0and\'a0the\'a0magical\'a0chaos\'a0in\'a0the\'a0land\'a0increases.\'a0\'a0However,\'a0during\'a0his\'a0time\'a0in\'a0Dalga\'a0Mak\'a0he\'a0gains\'a0a\'a0third\'a0companion\'a0-\'a0a\'a0cosmopolitan\'a0scribe.\'a0After\'a0the\'a0battle,\'a0as\'a0Alokai\'a0continues\'a0in\'a0his\'a0weakend\'a0state\'a0to\'a0the\'a0Temple\'a0at\'a0Ihnis\'a0he\'a0learns\'a0with\'a0the\'a0help\'a0of\'a0his\'a0companions\'a0that\'a0he\'a0has\'a0done\'a0this\'a0quest\'a0before\'a0in\'a0a\'a0different\'a0time,\'a0as\'a0an\'a0older\'a0version\'a0of\'a0himself,\'a0and\'a0that\'a0he\'a0did\'a0it\'a0with\'a0Runa\'a0and\'a0that\'a0they\'a0failed\'a0in\'a0their\'a0quest\'a0because\'a0their\'a0power\'a0imbalance\'a0with\'a0the\'a0world\'a0was\'a0unsustainable.\'a0This\'a0is\'a0also\'a0the\'a0reason\'a0for\'a0the\'a0pending\'a0armageddon:\'a0the\'a0imbalance.\
He\'a0resolves\'a0to\'a0prevent\'a0Runa\'a0from\'a0succeeding\'a0in\'a0her\'a0quest,\'a0as\'a0her\'a0power\'a0would\'a0grow\'a0and\'a0destroy\'a0the\'a0world.\'a0He\'a0confronts\'a0her\'a0in\'a0the\'a0Temple\'a0at\'a0Ihnis\'a0as\'a0she\'a0is\'a0taking\'a0power,\'a0but\'a0he\'a0fails\'a0to\'a0stop\'a0her,\'a0but\'a0she\'a0is\'a0struggling\'a0against\'a0executing\'a0him\'a0and\'a0so\'a0imprisons\'a0him\'a0instead.\'a0She\'a0takes\'a0rulership\'a0of\'a0the\'a0Empire.\'a0He\'a0realizes\'a0that\'a0the\'a0only\'a0way\'a0to\'a0achieve\'a0balance\'a0is\'a0to\'a0destroy\'a0the\'a0artifact\'a0and\'a0sacrifice\'a0himself\'a0so\'a0that\'a0only\'a0Runa\'a0remains.\'a0His\'a0companions\'a0who\'a0escaped\'a0capture\'a0find\'a0a\'a0way\'a0to\'a0free\'a0him\'a0from\'a0prison,\'a0but\'a0he\'a0doubles\'a0back\'a0and\'a0confronts\'a0Runa\'a0a\'a0second\'a0time.\'a0This\'a0time\'a0he\'a0uses\'a0the\'a0last\'a0of\'a0his\'a0power\'a0to\'a0empty\'a0himself\'a0into\'a0her\'a0mind,\'a0losing\'a0his\'a0life\'a0in\'a0the\'a0process.\'a0He\'a0succeeds,\'a0the\'a0magic\'a0balance\'a0is\'a0restored.}