{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Alokai sat on the back of the wagon with his legs hanging a few inches off the ground. He turned the worn wooden square 90 degrees and smoothed his paper out across it\'92s surface. He squinted, sighed, and tossed his wide brimmed hat behind him roughly. \'93I can\'92t figure out the pressure!\'94 He shouted.\
Loto called through the tented wagon where curtains separated the coach seat, \'93Can\'92t you multiply by the volume?\'94\
One of the ox pulling the wagon chuffed at the sudden voice of his father who\'92d been silent for some time. But their rhythmic clopping continued unchanged. A set of four wagons in caravan together had been on the road to Talnu Va\'92nua since yesterday.\
\'93If I do that, I get crazy numbers. We would need a boiler the size of this wagon.\'94\
Lots chuckled, \'93Sounds reasonable to me. How do you know you\'92re wrong?\'94\
Alokai paused, frowned and turned around to stare at his father. \
\'93But that\'85 that can\'92t be right, surely\'85\'94\
\'93How can you know for sure if you don\'92t try it?\'94\
Alokai huffed in exasperation and turned around to look out over the passing beach. \'93That would take forever. It would take me weeks to build that size boiler and all that wasted time if it doesn\'92t work?\'94\
\'93Great things take great risk. You have to decide what you\'92re after.\'94\
A sharp voice called out at the head of the caravan and the wagons rolled gently to a stop. They were at Talnu Va\'92nua. He heard Loto call out and hop down from the seat. Alokai bounced off the edge of the wagon and walked around to see the port village glowing in the morning sun, rose hues wrapping around the huts and planked board walks that stretched out over the low waves cascading inland. The Bay of Manua was warm and peaceful today, and Alokai quietly enjoyed the cool breeze rolling along the beach and up his arms. The scent of salt, fish, and fires made him feel at home and at ease.\
The village was easily double the size of Galube\'92i and busier. Their port saw frequent ship traffic from the Empire mainland for trade goods, news, and traveling fleets. Most of the village structures were built to support the port, evident by the taller squarish units for dockside trade and storage, a couple inns that could house a decently sized ship\'92s worth of crew. Alokai noticed there was a newly christened Empire schooner tied at one of the piers. His father noticed it, too.\
\'93They\'92ve come already, I see. Stone not even out of the ground and they are salivating like dogs.\'94 Loto commented in a low voice, shaking his head.\
\'93The Sojuks? Why?\'94 Alokai asked.\
\'93The war, I suppose. It\'92s always war. Takes materials to keep a siege running. From what I hear, the northlanders are a brutal people and the Empire is losing ground.\'94\
\'93What!? What will happen to us?\'94 Alokai shouted.\
Loto laughed, \'93Oh, calm down. The northlanders I\'92m sure just want to be left alone, and the Empire isn\'92t going anywhere. I think they just want someone else to conquer. Besides,\'94 he clapped Alokai\'92s shoulder and smirked, \'93It\'92s more business for us! We get to setup this mine rail, and you get to build a wagon-sized boiler. Let\'92s get setup.\'94\
Alokai rolled his eyes and returned to the wagons. The village\'92s residents lived in huts set back and scattered some distance from the port until the flat lush land met the fairly steep bluffs of the island\'92s lone hills. While they were a far cry from the majesty of the Scythe or the Dagger, they always seemed to Alokai to have an air of majesty to them. He could believe that they had stories in them, just as the older men of the island were fond of telling.\
Alokai could make out the beginnings of a tunnel in the rock face high off the ground. A thin ledge wound around the sides of the bluff to the entrance, but this is where he and Loto would lay the rail.\
As their wagon train reached the base of the cliffs, Loto handed out orders and instructions to their small crew of carpenters and haulers. They spent the morning hours with the haulers unloading their wood, stone, tar, and nails into neat piles positioned below the mine opening. Loto helped mount and pulley a rope crane with a small platform for moving materials. The carpenters arranged a small pen of workspaces for their saws and measuring, and assembled some scaffolding that spiderwebbed across the bluffs.\
A small tent was setup for Alokai to unfurl their parchment designs on a wide drafting table. Loto headed into the village proper to meet with and discuss the project with the local chief, but they work crew was to continue with the task as planned.  \
As the work began in earnest Alokai found himself scrutinizing the plans inside the tent as some of the older men stood silently around him, looking at the plans with consideration.\
\'93Those struts are double wide?\'94 Fetu, one of the more experienced of the carpenters grunted.\
\'93Yes. The load cart will be substantial,\'94 Alokai replied, staring at the design.\
Fetu sighed but was acquiescent, \'93Going to take longer.\'94\
Alokai recalled an often spoken phrase from his father and blurted, \'93The fast builder\'92s job requires a good one\'92s correction.\'94\
Some of the other carpenters chuckled softly as Fetu pursed his lips. \'93You going to help us then?\'94 He asked.\
Alokai smiled and hefted a hammer. The crew split into pairs and began the work of laying the posts and the rail base. Alokai, being smaller, was at the furthest ends of each new rail section, aligning the struts, bolting, and hammering joists together. He called out to the cutters on the ground to chop the boards at precise sizes.\
However, he didn\'92t need to measure. He carried it all inside. The plans were tacked to the walls of his mind, and he could summon a picture of them at will. He remembered the stretches of ink, the angles, the marks of units, the comments, scribbles, and legends. He knew them like he knew the lines of his father\'92s face.\
In the afternoon, Loto returned with a guest. Alokai was taking a break on top of the most recently installed rail section, eating a piece of hard cheese and onion. He reclined with his arms behind him on the wood, warm from the sun. The man walking with Loto was obviously from the mainland Empire, he judged, based on the tight fitting clothing that wrapped closely around his legs, the buttoned front shirt, and the jaunty angled hat. \'93Ho, Kai!\'94 His father shouted up to him.\
As Alokai dropped and approached them he could make out the man\'92s appearance better. He was a larger man, but soft in the gut. His skin was paler than theirs but he had a bushy black beard which he stroked absently. His eyes studied the scaffolding and the rail while his eyebrows were slightly furrowed as if what he saw displeased him. Loto seemed somewhat oblivious to the discomfort of his guest.\
\'93Henric, this is my apprentice and son, Alokai,\'94 Loto introduced.\
The man inclined his chin very slightly as he regarded Alokai. \'93Pleased,\'94 he said, looking anything but. He quickly returned his attention to the rail, \'93Do you mean to say that this is all you\'92ve constructed so far?\'94\
Alokai was beginning to feel hot and turned his head away, as if reviewing their progress thus far. He heard Loto reply, \'93The fast builder\'92s job requires a good one\'92s correction.\'94\
Henric snorted with derision, \'93Perhaps I should lend you my craftsmen and they can demonstrate for you how to build both with speed and with quality?\'94\
Some of the hammering from one of their carpenters quickly stopped. Alokai clenched his fingers into his hands, but Loto suddenly laughed in a carefree, unforced way that Alokai was surprised.\
\'93Come, let me show you this. I think maybe you\'92ve not seen something like what we are making before,\'94 he ushered Henric away and the two men walked along the narrow cliffside path and up into the mine entrance.\
For a moment, Alokai didn\'92t know what to do. He stood angrily watching where they had been. Fetu approached him and said in a quiet voice, \'93That fat Sojuk idiot wouldn\'92t know good work if I hit him with it in the head. Don\'92t worry about him, Kai.\'94\
Alokai chuckled obligingly, but his fingers were still tightly closed. He wasn\'92t angry at the Empire trader. He was disappointed with his father. Couldn\'92t he see how he was being shamed and treated so poorly? Didn\'92t he see that the Empire considered them a laughing stock - some pitiable people good only for stuffing their ships?\
He tried to return to his work on the rail, but soon a commotion erupted from the mine\'92s opening. It sounded like a bang and a clang. Two of the haulers scrambled down the cliff as bits of rubble sprinkled alongside their hurried steps. \'93Kai!\'94 One of them shouted to him.\
They had wide eyed expressions and were out of breath, \'93The steam axe is out of control! Loto needs you!\'94\
Alokai started running up the hill to the mine, watching as grayish steam wafted out and up over the opening. He could hear a dull roaring sound as he entered the dark cavern and rushed towards the fire at the far end of the space. It was large and fanning around the bottom of a metal cylinder like a flaming hand.\
Loto was standing on the frame of the crank wheel struggling with the safety valve on the top of the boiler. The engine was rattling and clanking violently, and Alokai could see the metal surface of the boiler and piston wobbling and throbbing. The wheel was spinning almost too fast to see as the pinion crushed repeatedly into the dark ore in the cavern wall. Little chunks of ore were popping off of the wall and bouncing across the cavern floor.\
The Sojuk, Henric, stood far away watching with concern, looking unable to decide if he should remain or flee. Alokai ran to help, but Loto shouted something that he couldn\'92t make out and gestured wildly for him to stay back. He stood stuck and in despair, looking around for anything that might help. The cavern was hot with the fire and the metal of the boiler seemed to be glowing. Loto was trying to pry off the safety valve. It must have been stuck. Making a decision, Alokai rushed to close the gap between him and the tank to help Loto get the safety valve off.\
Loto shouted one last time as a strange screech echoed through the cavern. His father moved his body in front of him just as the metal boiler was shorn and shattered in a flash of light and deep thunder. Alokai felt his body blown backwards and everything went black.}