{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 #\'a0Runa\
##\'a0Summary:\
*\'a0After\'a0enduring\'a0enslavement\'a0in\'a0the\'a0Empire's\'a0ranks,\'a0a\'a0young\'a0salt\'a0shoveler\'a0discovers\'a0a\'a0magical\'a0artifact,\'a0escapes,\'a0and\'a0uses\'a0her\'a0abilities\'a0to\'a0prove\'a0her\'a0worth\'a0as\'a0she\'a0builds\'a0a\'a0revolutionary\'a0following\'a0back\'a0to\'a0the\'a0center\'a0of\'a0the\'a0Empire.\
##\'a0Motivation:\
*\'a0wants\'a0to\'a0bend\'a0opportunity\'a0to\'a0her\'a0best\'a0advantage\'a0regardless\'a0of\'a0the\'a0means\
*\'a0wants\'a0to\'a0prove\'a0her\'a0worth\'a0to\'a0the\'a0world\
*\'a0resents\'a0the\'a0world\'a0for\'a0allowing\'a0her\'a0to\'a0endure\'a0enslavement\
*\'a0wants\'a0revenge\'a0against\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0over\'a0the\'a0institution\'a0of\'a0slavery\
*\'a0respects\'a0self\'a0over\'a0collective\
*\'a0feels\'a0achievement\'a0from\'a0seizing\'a0opportunity\'a0from\'a0the\'a0whole\
##\'a0Goal:\
*\'a0flee\'a0the\'a0empire,\'a0later\'a0to\'a0free\'a0slaves\'a0and\'a0overthrow\'a0the\'a0slave-labor-based\'a0Empire\
##\'a0Conflict:\
*\'a0**External**:\
\'a0\'a0*\'a0slavery\'a0requires\'a0destruction/war/risk\
\'a0\'a0*\'a0Empire\'a0waging\'a0war\'a0against\'a0her\
\'a0\'a0*\'a0magical\'a0disasters\'a0befall\'a0and\'a0inhibit\'a0her\'a0progress\
\'a0\'a0*\'a0counsel\'a0from\'a0oldMentor\'a0makes\'a0her\'a0doubtful\
\'a0\'a0*\'a0love\'a0with\'a0the\'a0protagonist\'a0distracts\'a0her\
*\'a0**Internal**:\
\'a0\'a0*\'a0fear\'a0of\'a0failure\
\'a0\'a0*\'a0fear\'a0of\'a0love/trust\'a0(uses\'a0achievement\'a0to\'a0prove\'a0relationships\'a0aren't\'a0needed)\
##\'a0Epiphany:\
*\'a0learns\'a0to\'a0love\'a0and\'a0trust\'a0people\'a0(mentor\'a0and\'a0protagonist)\
*\'a0the\'a0world\'a0doesn't\'a0have\'a0to\'a0be\'a0broken\'a0or\'a0forcefully\'a0bent\'a0to\'a0enact\'a0change\
*\'a0transforms\'a0from\'a0imbalanced\'a0to\'a0more\'a0balanced\
##\'a0Map\'a0travel\'a0path:\
Vahky\'a0>\'a0Through\'a0the\'a0Scythe\'a0>\'a0Koay\'a0>\'a0Bellali\'a0>\'a0Gulya\'a0>\'a0Olmah\'a0>\'a0Geurc\'a0>\'a0Parin\'a0>\'a0Asanan\'a0>\'a0Taikto\'a0>\'a0Dalga\'a0Mak\'a0>\'a0Muinen\'a0>\'a0Ihnis\
##\'a0Character\'a0Synopsis:\
Runa\'a0is\'a0coming\'a0of\'a0age\'a0as\'a0a\'a0slave\'a0in\'a0a\'a0forced\'a0labor\'a0unit\'a0of\'a0the\'a0Empire's\'a0military\'a0that\'a0shovels\'a0salt\'a0onto\'a0the\'a0conquered\'a0fields\'a0of\'a0its\'a0current\'a0enemy,\'a0the\'a0Tunen\'a0Realm.\'a0She\'a0had\'a0been\'a0a\'a0part\'a0of\'a0a\'a0Tunen\'a0region\'a0that\'a0was\'a0conquered\'a0by\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0when\'a0she\'a0was\'a0a\'a0child\'a0and\'a0has\'a0grown\'a0into\'a0a\'a0quiet,\'a0distrustful,\'a0and\'a0hardened\'a0worker.\'a0A\'a0slavemaster\'a0with\'a0a\'a0particular\'a0reputation\'a0for\'a0cruelty,\'a0has\'a0made\'a0her\'a0life\'a0a\'a0living\'a0hell,\'a0pushing\'a0her\'a0to\'a0perform\'a0grueling\'a0tasks\'a0harder\'a0and\'a0harder\'a0or\'a0face\'a0cruel\'a0discipline.\
\
As\'a0she\'a0and\'a0the\'a0accompanying\'a0regiment\'a0move\'a0further\'a0into\'a0Tunen\'a0territory\'a0they\'a0face\'a0significant\'a0pushback\'a0from\'a0the\'a0Tunen\'a0forces,\'a0and\'a0she\'a0discovers\'a0a\'a0fragment\'a0of\'a0a\'a0magical\'a0artifact.\'a0She\'a0escapes\'a0the\'a0battle\'a0and\'a0flees\'a0Northwest,\'a0towards\'a0The\'a0Scythe.\'a0As\'a0she\'a0travels,\'a0she\'a0begins\'a0exploring\'a0the\'a0magical\'a0capabilities\'a0of\'a0the\'a0artifact,\'a0but\'a0from\'a0a\'a0different\'a0perspective\'a0from\'a0Alokai.\'a0Runa\'a0is\'a0trying\'a0to\'a0exploit\'a0opportunity\'a0that\'a0can\'a0be\'a0used\'a0as\'a0an\'a0advantage\'a0to\'a0her\'a0in\'a0her\'a0goals,\'a0eventually\'a0as\'a0a\'a0weapon\'a0(later\'a0in\'a0the\'a0story).\
\
She\'a0is\'a0pursued\'a0into\'a0the\'a0mountains\'a0by\'a0Empire\'a0and\'a0Tunen\'a0patrols\'a0and\'a0is\'a0also\'a0tailed\'a0by\'a0a\'a0mysterious\'a0old\'a0fisherman\'a0named\'a0Wainonen\'a0who\'a0eventually\'a0reveals\'a0himself\'a0as\'a0someone\'a0who\'a0knows\'a0about\'a0magic\'a0and\'a0agrees\'a0to\'a0journey\'a0with\'a0her\'a0through\'a0the\'a0mountains\'a0after\'a0she\'a0has\'a0some\'a0dangerous\'a0run-ins\'a0with\'a0predatory\'a0magical\'a0creatures.\
\
When\'a0they\'a0emerge\'a0from\'a0the\'a0mountains,\'a0Runa\'a0is\'a0considerably\'a0travel\'a0and\'a0health-hardened,\'a0and\'a0is\'a0a\'a0cautious\'a0learner\'a0to\'a0Wainonen.\'a0They\'a0arrive\'a0in\'a0Koay\'a0where\'a0their\'a0journey\'a0is\'a0revealed.\'a0\'a0In\'a0that\'a0town\'a0of\'a0digruntled\'a0Empire\'a0slaves,\'a0the\'a0local\'a0Empire\'a0magistrates\'a0learn\'a0that\'a0she\'a0has\'a0escaped,\'a0but\'a0they\'a0are\'a0unable\'a0to\'a0overcome\'a0Runa\'a0during\'a0a\'a0conflict.\'a0They\'a0are\'a0destroyed\'a0by\'a0Runa\'a0and\'a0Wainonen.\'a0In\'a0the\'a0aftermath,\'a0Runa\'a0rejects\'a0the\'a0loyalty\'a0pledges\'a0of\'a0the\'a0slaves\'a0and\'a0instead\'a0chooses\'a0to\'a0flee\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0by\'a0traveling\'a0to\'a0the\'a0western\'a0coast\'a0port\'a0of\'a0Geurc.\'a0But\'a0word\'a0of\'a0her\'a0deeds\'a0spread\'a0and\'a0her\'a0reputation\'a0as\'a0a\'a0revolutionary\'a0begin.\
\
They\'a0arrive\'a0at\'a0Bellali\'a0and\'a0keep\'a0a\'a0low\'a0profile,\'a0as\'a0they\'a0reprovision.\'a0Wainonen\'a0begins\'a0to\'a0advise\'a0her\'a0towards\'a0using\'a0her\'a0reputation\'a0towards\'a0her\'a0advantage,\'a0and\'a0she\'a0starts\'a0learning\'a0to\'a0use\'a0the\'a0magic\'a0to\'a0influence\'a0events\'a0in\'a0her\'a0favor.\'a0It\'a0becomes\'a0too\'a0difficult\'a0for\'a0her\'a0to\'a0resist\'a0defending\'a0the\'a0oppressed\'a0slave\'a0section\'a0of\'a0the\'a0city,\'a0and\'a0she\'a0uses\'a0her\'a0magic\'a0to\'a0free\'a0them\'a0which\'a0garners\'a0more\'a0attention\'a0and\'a0reputation\'a0to\'a0her\'a0as\'a0a\'a0revolutionary.\'a0Runa\'a0is\'a0beginning\'a0to\'a0weigh\'a0the\'a0idea\'a0of\'a0not\'a0fleeing\'a0and\'a0continuing\'a0to\'a0free\'a0slaves.\
\
In\'a0Gulya,\'a0Runa\'a0meets\'a0travelers\'a0seeking\'a0to\'a0join\'a0her\'a0and\'a0violently\'a0rebukes\'a0them.\'a0She\'a0sees\'a0the\'a0rise\'a0of\'a0revolution\'a0and\'a0rebellion\'a0that\'a0seems\'a0to\'a0already\'a0have\'a0positioned\'a0her\'a0as\'a0its\'a0leader\'a0(without\'a0her\'a0having\'a0accepted\'a0leadership),\'a0as\'a0skirmishes\'a0between\'a0them\'a0and\'a0Empire\'a0patrols\'a0happen\'a0before\'a0her.\'a0She\'a0hurries\'a0to\'a0Geurc,\'a0hoping\'a0to\'a0abandon\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0as\'a0quickly\'a0as\'a0possible,\'a0where\'a0she\'a0has\'a0an\'a0internal\'a0crisis\'a0before\'a0her\'a0ship\'a0to\'a0leave\'a0the\'a0continent\'a0is\'a0to\'a0depart.\'a0She\'a0decides\'a0to\'a0turn\'a0around,\'a0take\'a0the\'a0reigns\'a0of\'a0the\'a0revolution,\'a0and\'a0commit\'a0to\'a0dethroning\'a0the\'a0Emperor.\'a0While\'a0in\'a0Geurc,\'a0she\'a0meets\'a0a\'a0Tunen\'a0agent\'a0who\'a0agrees\'a0to\'a0ally\'a0with\'a0her\'a0against\'a0the\'a0Empire.\'a0She\'a0begins\'a0the\'a0journey\'a0to\'a0Dalga\'a0Mak.\
\
Over\'a0time,\'a0and\'a0as\'a0she\'a0learns\'a0more\'a0about\'a0her\'a0magic\'a0and\'a0begins\'a0sensing\'a0Alokai\'a0in\'a0night\'a0dreams,\'a0word\'a0of\'a0her\'a0plights\'a0spread\'a0to\'a0the\'a0Empire,\'a0the\'a0Tunen\'a0Realm,\'a0and\'a0across\'a0Tamereth\'a0as\'a0a\'a0revolution.\'a0She\'a0sweeps\'a0through\'a0the\'a0empire\'a0towards\'a0the\'a0great\'a0city\'a0of\'a0Dalga\'a0Mak\'a0where\'a0she\'a0coordinates\'a0the\'a0Rebellion\'a0forces\'a0(and\'a0allied\'a0Tunen\'a0Realm\'a0forces)\'a0clashing\'a0with\'a0Empire\'a0forces.\'a0She\'a0finally\'a0meets\'a0Alokai.\'a0Here\'a0it\'a0is\'a0revealed\'a0that\'a0Wainonen\'a0is\'a0a\'a0former\'a0companion\'a0from\'a0a\'a0generation\'a0ago\'a0when\'a0her\'a0and\'a0Alokai\'a0made\'a0this\'a0quest\'a0before.\'a0He\'a0is\'a0able\'a0to\'a0explain\'a0the\'a0reason\'a0for\'a0the\'a0amulet,\'a0it's\'a0relationship\'a0to\'a0the\'a0Temple\'a0at\'a0Ihnis,\'a0and\'a0she\'a0knows\'a0she\'a0needs\'a0to\'a0go\'a0there\'a0to\'a0complete\'a0her\'a0conquest\'a0of\'a0the\'a0Empire.\'a0When\'a0Runa\'a0discovers\'a0Alokai's\'a0part\'a0in\'a0the\'a0defense\'a0of\'a0Dalga\'a0Mak\'a0from\'a0her\'a0attack,\'a0she\'a0concludes\'a0that\'a0her\'a0and\'a0Alokai's\'a0idealogies\'a0are\'a0incompatible,\'a0and\'a0she\'a0steals\'a0his\'a0piece\'a0of\'a0the\'a0artifact.\
\
She\'a0feels\'a0her\'a0power\'a0change\'a0after\'a0possessing\'a0both\'a0broken\'a0pieces.\'a0Before\'a0the\'a0battle\'a0(days\'a0long)\'a0is\'a0complete\'a0between\'a0the\'a0three\'a0armies\'a0at\'a0Dalga\'a0Mak,\'a0she\'a0sets\'a0out\'a0for\'a0the\'a0Temple\'a0at\'a0Ihnis.\'a0At\'a0Muinen,\'a0she\'a0reforges\'a0the\'a0amulet,\'a0and\'a0her\'a0magic\'a0is\'a0further\'a0magnified.\'a0At\'a0the\'a0Temple\'a0of\'a0Ihnis,\'a0she\'a0is\'a0confronted\'a0again\'a0by\'a0Alokai\'a0and\'a0he\'a0attempts\'a0to\'a0stop\'a0her.\'a0She\'a0manages\'a0to\'a0subdue\'a0and\'a0imprison\'a0him.\'a0She\'a0takes\'a0full\'a0power\'a0and\'a0authority\'a0over\'a0the\'a0Empire\'a0in\'a0a\'a0magical\'a0ceremony/prophecy\'a0fulfillment.\
\
The\'a0world\'a0is\'a0further\'a0collapsing\'a0and\'a0Alokai\'a0escapes\'a0his\'a0prison\'a0and\'a0sacrifices\'a0his\'a0life\'a0to\'a0grant\'a0her\'a0his\'a0power\'a0and\'a0knowledge.\'a0This\'a0succeeds\'a0in\'a0swaying\'a0her\'a0mind\'a0on\'a0her\'a0methods\'a0of\'a0ruling.\'a0It\'a0also\'a0stabilizes\'a0the\'a0magical\'a0imbalance\'a0of\'a0the\'a0world\'a0which\'a0had\'a0been\'a0spawning\'a0all\'a0sorts\'a0of\'a0magical\'a0maladies\'a0and\'a0creatures.}