{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "You\'a0can't\'a0put\'a0a\'a0price\'a0on\'a0a\'a0good\'a0storm\'a0trough,\'a0Uso,"\'a0Alokai\'a0heard\'a0his\'a0father\'a0chuckle\'a0from\'a0the\'a0front\'a0of\'a0their\'a0workshop.\
\
Another\'a0deep\'a0voice\'a0promptly\'a0objected,\'a0"Be\'a0that\'a0as\'a0it\'a0may,\'a0what\'a0am\'a0I\'a0going\'a0to\'a0do\'a0if\'a0I\'a0don't\'a0like\'a0it?\'a0Swim\'a0to\'a0the\'a0mainland\'a0and\'a0find\'a0another\'a0builder?\'a0You\'a0charge\'a0too\'a0much,\'a0Loto."\
\
The\'a0two\'a0men\'a0carried\'a0on\'a0their\'a0haggling\'a0in\'a0reserved,\'a0controlled\'a0tones\'a0while\'a0Alokai\'a0sighed\'a0and\'a0returned\'a0to\'a0his\'a0work.\'a0Large\'a0sheets\'a0of\'a0parchment\'a0with\'a0finely\'a0drawn\'a0lines\'a0and\'a0marks\'a0lay\'a0stretched\'a0in\'a0odd\'a0directions\'a0across\'a0a\'a0wide\'a0wooden\'a0desk.\'a0He\'a0repositioned\'a0his\'a0chair\'a0with\'a0a\'a0purse\'a0of\'a0his\'a0lips,\'a0pressed\'a0the\'a0crisp\'a0paper\'a0between\'a0his\'a0fingers,\'a0and\'a0pulled\'a0the\'a0design\'a0towards\'a0the\'a0corner\'a0of\'a0the\'a0desk\'a0where\'a0the\'a0afternoon\'a0sun\'a0struck\'a0the\'a0table\'a0top.\'a0The\'a0warm\'a0light\'a0felt\'a0good\'a0on\'a0his\'a0fingers\'a0and\'a0glinted\'a0off\'a0of\'a0the\'a0drying\'a0black\'a0ink.\
\
The\'a0Talnu\'a0Va'nua\'a0wooden\'a0rail\'a0network\'a0was\'a0nearly\'a0complete,\'a0and\'a0thank\'a0the\'a0gods\'a0for\'a0it.\'a0Sometimes\'a0he\'a0wished\'a0that\'a0father\'a0hadn't\'a0raised\'a0him\'a0to\'a0full\'a0apprentice\'a0last\'a0summer.\'a0The\'a0quill\'a0scratched\'a0evenly\'a0across\'a0the\'a0parchment,\'a0a\'a0thin\'a0line\'a0of\'a0black\'a0running\'a0along\'a0an\'a0ink-stained\'a0wood\'a0plane.\'a0He\'a0kept\'a0his\'a0eyes\'a0on\'a0the\'a0line,\'a0picked\'a0the\'a0rough\'a0cut\'a0wood\'a0block\'a0out\'a0of\'a0his\'a0belt\'a0and\'a0used\'a0it\'a0to\'a0mark\'a0perpendicular\'a0lines\'a0evenly\'a0spaced.\'a0Each\'a0scratch\'a0and\'a0scrape,\'a0he\'a0breathed\'a0in\'a0the\'a0ever-present\'a0oaky\'a0sawdust\'a0that\'a0shimmered\'a0in\'a0the\'a0light\'a0and\'a0smelled\'a0the\'a0lightly\'a0bitter\'a0smoke\'a0of\'a0the\'a0quill\'a0ink.\
\
He\'a0stopped\'a0to\'a0inspect\'a0his\'a0work\'a0and\'a0heard\'a0the\'a0front\'a0door\'a0to\'a0the\'a0workshop\'a0close.\'a0A\'a0few\'a0dull\'a0thuds\'a0approached\'a0the\'a0room,\'a0and\'a0his\'a0father\'a0appeared\'a0leaning\'a0in\'a0the\'a0open\'a0door\'a0frame.\'a0He\'a0was\'a0a\'a0big,\'a0belly-over-buckle\'a0man.\'a0He\'a0wore\'a0a\'a0burlap\'a0over\'a0his\'a0legs\'a0and\'a0loosely-tied\'a0fronds\'a0around\'a0his\'a0chest\'a0and\'a0shoulders.\'a0Dark\'a0hair\'a0covered\'a0his\'a0crossed\'a0arms,\'a0calves,\'a0and\'a0bare\'a0feet.\'a0His\'a0hair\'a0was\'a0long\'a0and\'a0curly,\'a0but\'a0his\'a0face\'a0was\'a0as\'a0smooth\'a0as\'a0a\'a0child's\'a0and\'a0twice\'a0as\'a0jovial.\
\
"Another\'a0drain,\'a0Kai,"\'a0he\'a0said.\
\
"Great,"\'a0Alokai\'a0yawned,\'a0stretching\'a0his\'a0chest\'a0and\'a0glancing\'a0out\'a0the\'a0window.\
\
"Oh,\'a0come\'a0now,\'a0I\'a0know\'a0it's\'a0no\'a0fancy\'a0empire\'a0contraption,\'a0but\'a0surely\'a0it's\'a0not\'a0that\'a0boring?"\'a0he\'a0said\'a0with\'a0a\'a0smile.\
\
"It's\'a0fine,\'a0pa,\'a0I\'a0just\'a0wish-"\
\
"That\'a0you\'a0could\'a0invent\'a0the\'a0most\'a0complicated\'a0thangamajig\'a0this\'a0island\'a0has\'a0ever\'a0seen?"\'a0Loto\'a0was\'a0starting\'a0to\'a0laugh\'a0now.\
\
Alokai\'a0struggled\'a0to\'a0maintain\'a0a\'a0straight\'a0face\'a0as\'a0his\'a0father\'a0approached\'a0the\'a0drafting\'a0table,\'a0throwing\'a0his\'a0heavy\'a0arm\'a0over\'a0his\'a0shoulders,\'a0and\'a0looking\'a0down\'a0with\'a0mock-criticism\'a0at\'a0his\'a0current\'a0design.\'a0He\'a0pointed\'a0at\'a0a\'a0section\'a0of\'a0the\'a0rail\'a0line,\'a0"Maybe\'a0we\'a0can\'a0make\'a0this\'a0part\'a0go\'a0up\'a0into\'a0the\'a0air\'a0and\'a0do\'a0a\'a0wheel?\'a0Yes,\'a0they\'a0just\'a0need\'a0to\'a0pump\'a0and\'a0get\'a0enough\'a0speed\'a0up\'a0going\'a0downhill\'a0from\'a0there,"\'a0he\'a0motioned\'a0towards\'a0the\'a0top\'a0of\'a0the\'a0mountain\'a0which\'a0had\'a0slightly\'a0more\'a0elevation.\
\
Alokai\'a0chuffed\'a0and\'a0smiled,\'a0"Not\'a0enough\'a0speed."\
\
Loto\'a0laughed.\'a0"Oh,\'a0it's\'a0speed\'a0you're\'a0worried\'a0about\'a0and\'a0not\'a0all\'a0of\'a0Galube'i\'a0calling\'a0us\'a0a\'a0pair\'a0of\'a0crazed\'a0loons?\'a0I\'a0think\'a0you\'a0may\'a0need\'a0to\'a0be\'a0demoted,"\'a0he\'a0said\'a0as\'a0he\'a0took\'a0the\'a0quill\'a0and\'a0continued\'a0drawing\'a0out\'a0the\'a0rail\'a0entrance\'a0to\'a0the\'a0mine.\
\
Alokai\'a0remained\'a0quite\'a0while\'a0his\'a0father\'a0continued\'a0the\'a0construction\'a0design.\'a0Loto's\'a0strokes\'a0were\'a0masterful,\'a0sweeping\'a0smoothly\'a0and\'a0surely\'a0along\'a0the\'a0plane.\'a0His\'a0hands\'a0held\'a0the\'a0quill\'a0delicately\'a0but\'a0moved\'a0with\'a0intention\'a0and\'a0familiar\'a0ease.\'a0It\'a0was\'a0almost\'a0like\'a0a\'a0dance,\'a0watching\'a0the\'a0quill\'a0dip\'a0into\'a0the\'a0ink,\'a0touch,\'a0and\'a0run\'a0along\'a0the\'a0paper\'a0with\'a0each\'a0stroke\'a0deft\'a0and\'a0true.\
\
He\'a0watched\'a0his\'a0father's\'a0eyes\'a0run\'a0along\'a0the\'a0paths\'a0of\'a0his\'a0hands,\'a0back\'a0to\'a0the\'a0scribbled\'a0measurements,\'a0and\'a0fluidly\'a0onto\'a0the\'a0the\'a0next\'a0section\'a0of\'a0the\'a0design.\'a0Alokai\'a0marvelled\'a0at\'a0how\'a0the\'a0numbers\'a0just\'a0seemed\'a0to\'a0speak\'a0to\'a0his\'a0father\'a0like\'a0a\'a0language.\'a0Loto\'a0could\'a0look\'a0at\'a0a\'a0parchment\'a0full\'a0of\'a0numbers\'a0and\'a0determine\'a0what\'a0needed\'a0to\'a0be\'a0done\'a0and\'a0where\'a0it\'a0needed\'a0to\'a0go.\
\
"This\'a0has\'a0come\'a0along\'a0nicely,\'a0Kai,"\'a0his\'a0father\'a0said\'a0without\'a0taking\'a0his\'a0eyes\'a0from\'a0the\'a0parchment,\'a0"We'll\'a0be\'a0able\'a0to\'a0make\'a0the\'a0trip\'a0up\'a0to\'a0start\'a0the\'a0mine\'a0tomorrow."\
\
Alokai\'a0grunted\'a0and\'a0wandered\'a0over\'a0to\'a0stare\'a0out\'a0of\'a0the\'a0workshop\'a0window,\'a0as\'a0his\'a0father\'a0sprinkled\'a0sand\'a0over\'a0the\'a0wet\'a0ink\'a0on\'a0the\'a0design\'a0plans.\'a0Outside\'a0the\'a0land\'a0was\'a0lush\'a0with\'a0tall\'a0grass\'a0clumped\'a0between\'a0stretches\'a0of\'a0beach\'a0sand.\'a0Thin\'a0brown\'a0trees\'a0jutted\'a0out\'a0of\'a0the\'a0grass\'a0at\'a0slanted\'a0angles,\'a0bearing\'a0patches\'a0of\'a0bulbous\'a0mulefruit\'a0underneath\'a0wide\'a0green\'a0fronds\'a0which\'a0grew\'a0so\'a0large\'a0that\'a0their\'a0sides\'a0curled\'a0underneath.\'a0The\'a0position\'a0of\'a0the\'a0sun\'a0told\'a0him\'a0it\'a0was\'a0about\'a0time\'a0for\'a0supper.\'a0It\'a0glittered\'a0over\'a0the\'a0eastern\'a0sea\'a0and\'a0split\'a0through\'a0the\'a0trees\'a0to\'a0create\'a0a\'a0multitude\'a0of\'a0shadows\'a0on\'a0the\'a0ground.\'a0A\'a0breeze\'a0brought\'a0the\'a0sea\'a0into\'a0his\'a0nose,\'a0and\'a0he\'a0breathed\'a0deep.\
\
"Well,\'a0all\'a0done\'a0here.\'a0Run\'a0these\'a0up\'a0to\'a0the\'a0chief,\'a0will\'a0you?"\'a0Loto\'a0said.\
\
Alokai\'a0turned\'a0to\'a0find\'a0the\'a0parchment\'a0worked\'a0into\'a0a\'a0tight\'a0roll\'a0with\'a0some\'a0string\'a0tied\'a0around\'a0it\'a0in\'a0his\'a0father's\'a0hand.\'a0"And\'a0make\'a0sure\'a0you\'a0leave\'a0enough\'a0time\'a0for\'a0yourself\'a0to\'a0pack\'a0up.\'a0We'll\'a0probably\'a0be\'a0there\'a0for\'a0a\'a0few\'a0days\'a0to\'a0get\'a0the\'a0job\'a0going."\
\
As\'a0he\'a0was\'a0leaving\'a0the\'a0room,\'a0he\'a0idled\'a0a\'a0bit\'a0thinking\'a0how\'a0to\'a0ask\'a0what\'a0he\'a0really\'a0wanted.\'a0His\'a0father\'a0said\'a0with\'a0exaggerated\'a0resignation,\'a0"And\'a0yes,\'a0I\'a0think\'a0there'll\'a0be\'a0time\'a0this\'a0evening\'a0to\'a0continue\'a0with\'a0our\'a0secret\'a0project."\
\
Alokai\'a0pumped\'a0his\'a0fist\'a0into\'a0the\'a0air\'a0and\'a0jogged\'a0out\'a0the\'a0workshop\'a0door.\'a0His\'a0sandals\'a0sank\'a0into\'a0the\'a0sand\'a0as\'a0he\'a0padded\'a0his\'a0way\'a0through\'a0the\'a0irregularly\'a0placed\'a0family\'a0homes\'a0that\'a0ran\'a0up\'a0the\'a0shoreline\'a0and\'a0curved\'a0inland.\'a0He\'a0couldn't\'a0help\'a0running\'a0his\'a0eyes\'a0along\'a0the\'a0exterior\'a0of\'a0the\'a0structures\'a0as\'a0he\'a0went.\'a0He\'a0noticed\'a0the\'a0rate\'a0of\'a0decay\'a0on\'a0the\'a0foundation\'a0posts\'a0was\'a0still\'a0slow.\'a0It\'a0looked\'a0like\'a0only\'a0a\'a0couple\'a0months\'a0of\'a0normal\'a0weathering\'a0had\'a0passed\'a0when\'a0they\'a0had\'a0actually\'a0put\'a0these\'a0homes\'a0up\'a0a\'a0couple\'a0years\'a0ago.\'a0That\'a0was\'a0good.\'a0The\'a0weatherproofing\'a0oil\'a0they\'a0came\'a0up\'a0with\'a0was\'a0working.\
\
Along\'a0the\'a0shore\'a0fishermen\'a0were\'a0carrying\'a0boats\'a0on\'a0their\'a0shoulders\'a0up\'a0to\'a0a\'a0line\'a0of\'a0cleaning\'a0tables.\'a0Full\'a0nets\'a0hung\'a0by\'a0their\'a0sides\'a0as\'a0they\'a0walked,\'a0and\'a0the\'a0sharp\'a0scent\'a0of\'a0fish\'a0wafted\'a0past\'a0him.\'a0Cool\'a0breeze\'a0rolled\'a0like\'a0waves\'a0across\'a0the\'a0entire\'a0village,\'a0tussling\'a0the\'a0tops\'a0of\'a0the\'a0domes\'a0and\'a0licking\'a0up\'a0his\'a0arms.\'a0Women\'a0carried\'a0clay\'a0jars\'a0of\'a0produce\'a0or\'a0bundles\'a0of\'a0frond\'a0or\'a0wheat\'a0grains.\'a0Occasional\'a0children\'a0giggled\'a0or\'a0shouted\'a0and\'a0darted\'a0between\'a0the\'a0domed\'a0frond-topped\'a0huts.\
\
The\'a0tribe\'a0temple\'a0was\'a0just\'a0inside\'a0the\'a0island\'a0mainland,\'a0surrounded\'a0by\'a0a\'a0wide\'a0circle\'a0of\'a0green\'a0grass.\'a0High\'a0beams\'a0jutted\'a0into\'a0the\'a0sky\'a0in\'a0cross-stitch\'a0pattern\'a0from\'a0a\'a0roof\'a0much\'a0taller\'a0than\'a0the\'a0huts.\'a0It's\'a0interior\'a0could\'a0easily\'a0fit\'a0three\'a0huts\'a0inside\'a0it.\'a0Decorative\'a0sheets\'a0with\'a0a\'a0multitude\'a0of\'a0vibrant\'a0colors\'a0were\'a0tied\'a0around\'a0each\'a0column.\'a0The\'a0language\'a0of\'a0their\'a0people\'a0covered\'a0the\'a0sheets\'a0in\'a0intricate\'a0linework\'a0and\'a0drawings.\'a0Alokai\'a0smiled\'a0as\'a0he\'a0revisited\'a0the\'a0familiar\'a0design,\'a0the\'a0joints\'a0and\'a0fittings,\'a0all\'a0the\'a0little\'a0details\'a0of\'a0the\'a0structure\'a0that\'a0he\'a0remembered\'a0from\'a0the\'a0countless\'a0evenings\'a0his\'a0father\'a0shared\'a0the\'a0work\'a0of\'a0designing\'a0it\'a0with\'a0him.\
\
Before\'a0he\'a0could\'a0reach\'a0the\'a0temple,\'a0he\'a0heard\'a0a\'a0sharp\'a0squeel.\'a0He\'a0glanced\'a0over\'a0and\'a0saw\'a0a\'a0familiar\'a0group\'a0of\'a0leering\'a0adolescents,\'a0laughing\'a0harshly.\'a0They\'a0were\'a0behind\'a0a\'a0clump\'a0of\'a0trees,\'a0huddled\'a0around\'a0a\'a0pig\'a0that\'a0was\'a0flopping\'a0and\'a0struggling\'a0in\'a0the\'a0dirt.\'a0Alokai\'a0immediately\'a0came\'a0to\'a0a\'a0stop\'a0and\'a0instinctively\'a0looked\'a0for\'a0something\'a0to\'a0walk\'a0behind.\'a0A\'a0run-in\'a0with\'a0Mateo\'a0and\'a0his\'a0friends\'a0was\'a0the\'a0last\'a0thing\'a0he\'a0wanted\'a0today,\'a0but\'a0the\'a0sound\'a0of\'a0the\'a0pig\'a0made\'a0him\'a0squirm,\'a0and\'a0he\'a0flinched\'a0at\'a0each\'a0gyration\'a0the\'a0poor\'a0creature\'a0made.\
\
"Hey,\'a0what\'a0is\'a0this?"\'a0He\'a0tried\'a0calling\'a0out\'a0in\'a0a\'a0firm\'a0voice.\'a0It\'a0came\'a0out\'a0lame\'a0and\'a0deflated\'a0instead.\
\
Several\'a0of\'a0the\'a0boys\'a0spun\'a0around\'a0quickly,\'a0but\'a0when\'a0they\'a0realized\'a0it\'a0was\'a0him\'a0they\'a0visibly\'a0relaxed\'a0their\'a0shoulders\'a0and\'a0smirked.\'a0Alokai\'a0frowned\'a0and\'a0approached\'a0the\'a0tightly\'a0circled\'a0group.\'a0They\'a0seemed\'a0to\'a0smile\'a0more\'a0menacingly\'a0as\'a0he\'a0edged\'a0his\'a0way\'a0into\'a0the\'a0circle\'a0to\'a0view\'a0the\'a0crying\'a0pig.\
\
It\'a0was\'a0on\'a0it's\'a0side\'a0trying\'a0to\'a0edge\'a0away\'a0from\'a0a\'a0bright\'a0red\'a0and\'a0yellow\'a0snake.\'a0It's\'a0back\'a0two\'a0legs\'a0were\'a0limp\'a0and\'a0dragging\'a0on\'a0the\'a0group.\'a0There\'a0were\'a0two\'a0little\'a0red\'a0dots\'a0on\'a0it's\'a0hindquarters.\
\
"Nothing\'a0to\'a0do\'a0for\'a0it,\'a0boys.\'a0Won't\'a0last\'a0much\'a0longer,"\'a0Mateo\'a0said\'a0in\'a0an\'a0even\'a0voice.\'a0He\'a0hadn't\'a0noticed\'a0Alokai\'a0yet.\
\
Alokai\'a0swallowed\'a0and\'a0glanced\'a0away\'a0for\'a0a\'a0moment.\'a0He\'a0heard\'a0Mateo\'a0chuckle.\'a0Another\'a0squeel\'a0from\'a0the\'a0pig\'a0returned\'a0Aokai's\'a0attention\'a0to\'a0the\'a0scene.\'a0The\'a0snake\'a0calmly\'a0waited,\'a0coiled\'a0at\'a0the\'a0pig's\'a0feet.\'a0It's\'a0eyes\'a0were\'a0locked\'a0on\'a0the\'a0pig.\'a0It's\'a0tongue\'a0rythmically\'a0flapping\'a0from\'a0it's\'a0mouth.\'a0It\'a0was\'a0biding\'a0it's\'a0time.\'a0It\'a0had\'a0already\'a0won.\
\
One\'a0of\'a0the\'a0boys\'a0wore\'a0a\'a0tree\'a0felling\'a0axe\'a0hanging\'a0in\'a0his\'a0belt.\'a0Alokai\'a0eyed\'a0it\'a0and\'a0winced\'a0again\'a0as\'a0the\'a0pig's\'a0screeched\'a0in\'a0pain.\'a0"You\'a0can't\'a0let\'a0it\'a0suffer,"\'a0he\'a0said\'a0angrily.\
\
Mateo\'a0leaned\'a0up\'a0from\'a0his\'a0crouched\'a0position\'a0and\'a0glared\'a0at\'a0Alokai.\'a0He\'a0was\'a0tall,\'a0but\'a0not\'a0tallest\'a0among\'a0his\'a0friends.\'a0However,\'a0most\'a0people\'a0noticed\'a0the\'a0size\'a0of\'a0his\'a0bare\'a0arms,\'a0shoulders,\'a0and\'a0neck\'a0before\'a0anything\'a0else.\'a0The\'a0muscles\'a0through\'a0his\'a0forearm\'a0rippled\'a0as\'a0he\'a0wiped\'a0his\'a0soot\'a0stained\'a0hands\'a0on\'a0his\'a0dirty\'a0leather\'a0apron.\'a0He\'a0smelled\'a0like\'a0iron\'a0and\'a0smoke.\'a0His\'a0dark\'a0hair\'a0was\'a0lank.\'a0The\'a0tips\'a0were\'a0wet\'a0with\'a0recent\'a0sweat\'a0and\'a0clung\'a0to\'a0the\'a0underside\'a0of\'a0his\'a0square\'a0jaw.\
\
"Well,\'a0look\'a0who\'a0has\'a0decided\'a0to\'a0bless\'a0us\'a0with\'a0their\'a0presence:\'a0our\'a0own\'a0master\'a0builder.\'a0Don't\'a0worry.\'a0You\'a0can\'a0build\'a0a\'a0tiny\'a0hut\'a0with\'a0the\'a0bones\'a0after\'a0we\'a0are\'a0done\'a0with\'a0our\'a0lunch."\'a0Mateo\'a0said\'a0through\'a0narrow\'a0green\'a0eyes.\
\
The\'a0other\'a0boys\'a0laughed,\'a0some\'a0of\'a0them\'a0seemed\'a0to\'a0do\'a0it\'a0more\'a0forcefully\'a0than\'a0others.\'a0Alokai\'a0made\'a0an\'a0effort\'a0to\'a0keep\'a0his\'a0breathing\'a0steady\'a0while\'a0he\'a0thought\'a0desperately\'a0for\'a0what\'a0to\'a0say\'a0next.\'a0His\'a0eyes\'a0glanced\'a0from\'a0boy\'a0to\'a0boy,\'a0with\'a0no\'a0offer\'a0of\'a0help\'a0indicated\'a0in\'a0return.\'a0Mateo\'a0spoke\'a0again\'a0before\'a0he\'a0could\'a0offer\'a0a\'a0retort,\'a0"Why\'a0don't\'a0you\'a0do\'a0the\'a0honors\'a0yourself,\'a0Foreigner?"\
\
He\'a0swiftly\'a0withdrew\'a0the\'a0axe\'a0from\'a0his\'a0friend's\'a0belt\'a0and\'a0stretched\'a0out\'a0his\'a0massive\'a0arm,\'a0presenting\'a0it\'a0to\'a0Alokai.\'a0Underneath\'a0the\'a0raised\'a0axe\'a0the\'a0pig\'a0scraped\'a0its\'a0two\'a0front\'a0legs\'a0helplessly\'a0into\'a0the\'a0ground,\'a0trying\'a0to\'a0drag\'a0its\'a0body\'a0further\'a0away\'a0from\'a0the\'a0snake.\'a0"Take\'a0it,"\'a0Mateo\'a0prompted,\'a0his\'a0expression\'a0going\'a0neutral.\
\
"I\'a0have\'a0lived\'a0here\'a0as\'a0long\'a0as\'a0any\'a0of\'a0you,"\'a0Alokai\'a0said.\
\
"Sure,\'a0anyone\'a0can\'a0tell\'a0just\'a0by\'a0looking\'a0at\'a0your\'a0dark,\'a0hairless\'a0ass,"\'a0Mateo\'a0replied.\
\
The\'a0boys\'a0laughed,\'a0but\'a0Alokai\'a0didn't\'a0rise\'a0to\'a0it.\'a0This\'a0insult\'a0wasn't\'a0anything\'a0he\'a0hadn't\'a0heard\'a0before.\
\
Alokai\'a0took\'a0the\'a0axe,\'a0and\'a0the\'a0boys\'a0waited.\'a0It\'a0was\'a0heavy\'a0in\'a0his\'a0hand,\'a0and\'a0had\'a0he\'a0not\'a0tightened\'a0his\'a0wrist\'a0he\'a0probably\'a0would\'a0have\'a0dropped\'a0it.\'a0The\'a0head\'a0of\'a0the\'a0axe\'a0was\'a0hardly\'a0sharp.\'a0The\'a0wooden\'a0handle\'a0was\'a0worn\'a0down,\'a0with\'a0the\'a0grain\'a0smudged\'a0throughout\'a0the\'a0bottom\'a0and\'a0top.\'a0Alokai\'a0slowly\'a0walked\'a0through\'a0the\'a0circle\'a0and\'a0stood\'a0above\'a0the\'a0pig.\'a0The\'a0snake\'a0hissed\'a0and\'a0uncoiled\'a0a\'a0bit,\'a0but\'a0he\'a0kept\'a0the\'a0pig\'a0between\'a0them.\'a0"Hold\'a0this,"\'a0he\'a0handed\'a0the\'a0rolled\'a0mine\'a0plans\'a0to\'a0one\'a0of\'a0the\'a0boys.\
\
He\'a0gulped\'a0and\'a0wrapped\'a0both\'a0hands\'a0around\'a0the\'a0axe\'a0and\'a0hiked\'a0it\'a0above\'a0his\'a0head.\'a0*Be\'a0at\'a0peace,\'a0pig.\'a0May\'a0Talo\'a0guide\'a0you\'a0to\'a0future\'a0seas.*\'a0Several\'a0things\'a0happened\'a0at\'a0once.\'a0He\'a0brought\'a0the\'a0axe\'a0down\'a0with\'a0force\'a0on\'a0the\'a0pig's\'a0neck,\'a0and\'a0the\'a0animal\'a0screamed.\'a0To\'a0his\'a0horror,\'a0it\'a0continued\'a0to\'a0scream.\'a0*Oh\'a0Talo,\'a0no!*\'a0Alokai\'a0felt\'a0his\'a0body\'a0shudder\'a0as\'a0several\'a0of\'a0the\'a0boys\'a0shouted\'a0in\'a0excitement.\'a0Without\'a0thinking,\'a0he\'a0hacked\'a0down\'a0again\'a0harder,\'a0and\'a0finally\'a0after\'a0the\'a0third\'a0time\'a0the\'a0pig\'a0was\'a0still.\
\
Alokai\'a0dropped\'a0the\'a0axe\'a0on\'a0the\'a0ground\'a0and\'a0backed\'a0up\'a0away\'a0from\'a0the\'a0dead\'a0pig\'a0already\'a0feeling\'a0nausea\'a0rising\'a0in\'a0his\'a0throat.\'a0Mateo,\'a0who\'a0had\'a0been\'a0watching\'a0quietly\'a0with\'a0arms\'a0folded,\'a0picked\'a0it\'a0up.\'a0He\'a0walked\'a0boldly\'a0to\'a0the\'a0snake\'a0and\'a0dispatched\'a0it\'a0in\'a0a\'a0single\'a0blow.\'a0The\'a0boys\'a0practically\'a0cheered,\'a0as\'a0Mateo\'a0held\'a0the\'a0headless,\'a0twitching\'a0snake\'a0in\'a0his\'a0free\'a0hand\'a0and\'a0lifted\'a0the\'a0wood\'a0axe\'a0victoriously\'a0with\'a0the\'a0other.\'a0Mateo's\'a0toothy\'a0smile\'a0increased\'a0the\'a0bile\'a0building\'a0at\'a0the\'a0back\'a0of\'a0his\'a0mouth.\
\
He\'a0snatched\'a0the\'a0mine\'a0designs\'a0from\'a0one\'a0of\'a0the\'a0boys,\'a0wiped\'a0his\'a0mouth\'a0with\'a0the\'a0back\'a0of\'a0his\'a0hand\'a0and\'a0stumbled\'a0out\'a0of\'a0the\'a0circle.\'a0He\'a0paced\'a0onwards\'a0towards\'a0the\'a0temple\'a0in\'a0wide\'a0steps.\'a0Mateo\'a0guffawed\'a0behind\'a0him,\'a0"You\'a0did\'a0great,\'a0Uso!\'a0We'll\'a0leave\'a0the\'a0bones\'a0at\'a0your\'a0home\'a0and\'a0the\'a0snake\'a0skin.\'a0Maybe\'a0you\'a0can\'a0make\'a0us\'a0a\'a0tent!"\'a0The\'a0boys\'a0laughed\'a0louder.\
\
Their\'a0voices\'a0faded\'a0as\'a0he\'a0neared\'a0the\'a0temple,\'a0and\'a0he\'a0was\'a0still\'a0shaking\'a0it\'a0off\'a0when\'a0he\'a0poked\'a0his\'a0head\'a0into\'a0the\'a0temple\'a0entrance.\'a0Maester\'a0Osu\'a0was\'a0sitting\'a0cross-legged\'a0over\'a0the\'a0smoking\'a0pyre\'a0in\'a0the\'a0center\'a0of\'a0the\'a0huge\'a0space.\'a0The\'a0smoke\'a0unfurled\'a0and\'a0drifted\'a0up\'a0in\'a0a\'a0steady\'a0stream\'a0to\'a0the\'a0middle\'a0of\'a0the\'a0roof\'a0where\'a0it\'a0was\'a0collected\'a0and\'a0expelled\'a0through\'a0the\'a0side\'a0pipes\'a0that\'a0led\'a0to\'a0the\'a0exterior.\'a0They\'a0allowed\'a0the\'a0smoke\'a0to\'a0exit\'a0but\'a0prevented\'a0rain\'a0from\'a0entering.\'a0Alokai\'a0remembered\'a0his\'a0father\'a0discussing\'a0the\'a0pros\'a0and\'a0cons\'a0of\'a0such\'a0a\'a0configuration.\
\
He\'a0slipped\'a0off\'a0his\'a0sandals\'a0at\'a0the\'a0stone\'a0entrance,\'a0bowed\'a0to\'a0the\'a0pyre,\'a0and\'a0walked\'a0quietly\'a0to\'a0sit\'a0before\'a0Maester\'a0Osu.\'a0His\'a0thin\'a0limbs\'a0were\'a0comical\'a0inside\'a0his\'a0oversized,\'a0decorative\'a0leather\'a0dress\'a0with\'a0gaping\'a0sleeves.\'a0White\'a0hair\'a0was\'a0tied\'a0up\'a0out\'a0of\'a0his\'a0face\'a0and\'a0flowed\'a0down\'a0to\'a0the\'a0middle\'a0of\'a0his\'a0back.\'a0His\'a0bushy\'a0eyebrows\'a0were\'a0turned\'a0up,\'a0as\'a0if\'a0he\'a0were\'a0experiencing\'a0something\'a0pleasant,\'a0but\'a0his\'a0eyes\'a0were\'a0closed.\'a0He\'a0watched\'a0the\'a0priest's\'a0breathing\'a0rise\'a0and\'a0fall\'a0for\'a0a\'a0few\'a0moments.\'a0Then\'a0he\'a0spoke,\'a0"Maester,\'a0I\'a0have-"\
\
"Shhhhh\'a0shhhh,\'a0Talo\'a0should\'a0like\'a0you're\'a0greeting,\'a0Alokai,"\'a0his\'a0low\'a0voice\'a0chided.\
\
Alokai\'a0twisted\'a0his\'a0lips\'a0and\'a0huffed\'a0out\'a0of\'a0his\'a0nose.\'a0Snapping\'a0his\'a0head\'a0towards\'a0the\'a0pyre,\'a0he\'a0closed\'a0his\'a0eyes\'a0and\'a0gestured\'a0flippantly\'a0toward\'a0the\'a0fire.\'a0"Mercy,\'a0Divine\'a0One,"\'a0he\'a0chanted,\'a0returning\'a0to\'a0face\'a0the\'a0Maester.\
\
"There\'a0now,"\'a0Maest\'a0Osu\'a0said,\'a0slowly\'a0opening\'a0his\'a0eyes\'a0and\'a0smiling,\'a0"what\'a0have\'a0we\'a0here?"\'a0He\'a0observed\'a0the\'a0rolled\'a0up\'a0parchment\'a0in\'a0Alokai's\'a0hands.\
\
"It\'a0is\'a0the\'a0design\'a0for\'a0the\'a0mine\'a0construction\'a0in\'a0Talnu\'a0Va'nua.\'a0We\'a0also\'a0have\'a0the\'a0materials\'a0ready,\'a0and\'a0can\'a0travel\'a0tomorrow,"\'a0he\'a0handed\'a0them\'a0over.\
\
Osu\'a0gently\'a0unrolled\'a0the\'a0parchment\'a0and\'a0stretched\'a0them\'a0on\'a0the\'a0stone\'a0floor\'a0beside\'a0them.\'a0His\'a0face\'a0was\'a0pleased\'a0as\'a0he\'a0looked\'a0over\'a0the\'a0layout\'a0and\'a0measurements,\'a0materials\'a0list,\'a0the\'a0positioning\'a0of\'a0the\'a0rails,\'a0the\'a0attention\'a0to\'a0detail.\'a0As\'a0flustered\'a0as\'a0Alokai\'a0was\'a0feeling,\'a0he\'a0was\'a0briefly\'a0overcome\'a0with\'a0a\'a0curiosity\'a0for\'a0Osu's\'a0opinion\'a0on\'a0their\'a0work\'a0and\'a0paid\'a0particular\'a0attention\'a0to\'a0him\'a0as\'a0he\'a0surveyed\'a0the\'a0plans.\
\
After\'a0a\'a0moment,\'a0he\'a0nodded\'a0and\'a0seemed\'a0satisfied.\'a0"Loto\'a0has\'a0always\'a0been\'a0a\'a0great\'a0asset\'a0to\'a0this\'a0tribe,\'a0and\'a0no-one\'a0can\'a0dispute\'a0that.\'a0Watching\'a0his\'a0work\'a0has\'a0always\'a0been\'a0a\'a0great\'a0pleasure\'a0of\'a0mine.\'a0That\'a0will\'a0be\'a0another\'a0fine\'a0project,"\'a0he\'a0said,\'a0rolling\'a0back\'a0up\'a0the\'a0plans\'a0carefully.\
\
Alokai\'a0found\'a0he'd\'a0been\'a0unconsciously\'a0holding\'a0his\'a0breath\'a0and\'a0felt\'a0some\'a0small\'a0relief.\'a0As\'a0Osu\'a0handed\'a0over\'a0the\'a0roll\'a0he\'a0asked,\'a0"Have\'a0you\'a0been\'a0learning\'a0his\'a0art?\'a0I\'a0hear\'a0he\'a0has\'a0raised\'a0you\'a0to\'a0apprentice\'a0now."\
\
"I...I\'a0have\'a0been\'a0trying,\'a0Maester.\'a0I\'a0still\'a0have\'a0much\'a0to\'a0learn,"\'a0he\'a0replied.\
\
The\'a0Maester\'a0nodded\'a0sagely.\'a0The\'a0corners\'a0of\'a0his\'a0eyes\'a0were\'a0soft\'a0and\'a0pleasant,\'a0as\'a0he\'a0gazes\'a0into\'a0the\'a0pyre.\'a0"And\'a0is\'a0he\'a0also\'a0teaching\'a0you\'a0his\'a0habit\'a0for\'a0creating\'a0eccentricities?"\
\
Alokai\'a0smiled\'a0to\'a0himself.\'a0"Whatever\'a0do\'a0you\'a0mean?"\'a0he\'a0asked\'a0knowingly.\
\
Osu\'a0laughed\'a0and\'a0placed\'a0a\'a0hand\'a0on\'a0his\'a0shoulder.\'a0It\'a0was\'a0warm\'a0and\'a0firm,\'a0belying\'a0the\'a0impression\'a0a\'a0person\'a0might\'a0have\'a0looking\'a0at\'a0his\'a0gaunt\'a0appendages.\'a0"Off\'a0with\'a0you\'a0then!\'a0Be\'a0about\'a0your\'a0business\'a0and\'a0give\'a0your\'a0father\'a0my\'a0salutation."\
\
"Thank\'a0you,\'a0Maester."\'a0Alokai\'a0said.\'a0He\'a0got\'a0hastily\'a0to\'a0his\'a0feet,\'a0made\'a0a\'a0curt\'a0bow\'a0to\'a0the\'a0pyre,\'a0and\'a0left\'a0the\'a0temple\'a0as\'a0quickly\'a0as\'a0was\'a0considered\'a0proper.\
\
The\'a0sun\'a0was\'a0setting\'a0as\'a0he\'a0walked\'a0back\'a0home.\'a0Passing\'a0the\'a0site\'a0of\'a0the\'a0pig,\'a0he\'a0found\'a0that\'a0Mateo\'a0and\'a0his\'a0friends\'a0had\'a0left\'a0taking\'a0the\'a0animal\'a0carcasses\'a0with\'a0them.\'a0Good\'a0riddance.\'a0He\'a0forced\'a0himself\'a0to\'a0not\'a0look\'a0at\'a0the\'a0blood\'a0marks\'a0that\'a0were\'a0still\'a0on\'a0the\'a0ground\'a0where\'a0he\'a0had\'a0failed\'a0to\'a0give\'a0the\'a0pig\'a0a\'a0quick\'a0end.\'a0A\'a0small\'a0lump\'a0formed\'a0in\'a0his\'a0throat,\'a0but\'a0he\'a0stepped\'a0up\'a0his\'a0pace\'a0into\'a0a\'a0light\'a0jog\'a0and\'a0tried\'a0to\'a0focus\'a0on\'a0what\'a0would\'a0be\'a0happening\'a0once\'a0he\'a0got\'a0back\'a0home.\'a0The\'a0time\'a0passed\'a0quickly.\
\
When\'a0he\'a0arrived\'a0at\'a0their\'a0hut,\'a0he\'a0found\'a0a\'a0neat\'a0pile\'a0of\'a0tiny\'a0bones\'a0in\'a0front\'a0of\'a0the\'a0door.\'a0Scowling,\'a0he\'a0kicked\'a0the\'a0pile\'a0out\'a0of\'a0the\'a0way\'a0and\'a0walked\'a0inside.\'a0His\'a0father\'a0called\'a0out\'a0from\'a0another\'a0room,\'a0"Kai?\'a0Grab\'a0us\'a0some\'a0food\'a0and\'a0help\'a0me\'a0with\'a0this."\
\
Their\'a0hut\'a0was\'a0split\'a0between\'a0the\'a0workshop\'a0where\'a0they\'a0performed\'a0their\'a0jobs\'a0and\'a0their\'a0living\'a0quarters.\'a0Loto\'a0was\'a0working\'a0in\'a0the\'a0back\'a0already,\'a0and\'a0Alokai\'a0didn't\'a0want\'a0to\'a0miss\'a0any\'a0of\'a0it.\'a0He\'a0excitedly\'a0jogged\'a0to\'a0the\'a0cupboard\'a0and\'a0put\'a0some\'a0salted\'a0meat\'a0and\'a0a\'a0wheel\'a0of\'a0cheese\'a0on\'a0a\'a0small\'a0plate,\'a0popped\'a0a\'a0loaf\'a0of\'a0bread\'a0in\'a0his\'a0mouth,\'a0and\'a0grabbed\'a0a\'a0jug\'a0of\'a0clean\'a0water.\'a0Then\'a0he\'a0wobbily\'a0carried\'a0them\'a0into\'a0the\'a0back\'a0room\'a0of\'a0the\'a0workshop\'a0where\'a0he\'a0could\'a0hear\'a0the\'a0sound\'a0of\'a0a\'a0hammer\'a0clinking\'a0on\'a0something.\
\
A\'a0variety\'a0of\'a0strangely\'a0shaped\'a0wood\'a0pieces\'a0the\'a0size\'a0of\'a0ox\'a0yolks\'a0were\'a0strewn\'a0on\'a0the\'a0floor\'a0of\'a0the\'a0small\'a0back\'a0room.\'a0They\'a0were\'a0nicely\'a0rounded\'a0on\'a0their\'a0outsides\'a0and\'a0hollow.\'a0Some\'a0of\'a0them\'a0looked\'a0like\'a0replicas\'a0of\'a0each\'a0other\'a0but\'a0in\'a0various\'a0sizes,\'a0and\'a0some\'a0of\'a0their\'a0ends\'a0were\'a0jagged\'a0from\'a0being\'a0broken.\'a0In\'a0the\'a0middle\'a0of\'a0the\'a0room\'a0was\'a0a\'a0pyre\'a0very\'a0similar\'a0to\'a0the\'a0one\'a0in\'a0the\'a0temple.\'a0\
\
However,\'a0instead\'a0of\'a0smoke\'a0rising\'a0there\'a0was\'a0kettle\'a0of\'a0water\'a0being\'a0boiled,\'a0and\'a0its\'a0top\'a0was\'a0covered\'a0with\'a0a\'a0domed\'a0brass\'a0lid.\'a0A\'a0hollow\'a0wooden\'a0cylinder\'a0was\'a0tarred\'a0and\'a0sealed\'a0to\'a0the\'a0top\'a0of\'a0the\'a0lid,\'a0and\'a0something\'a0his\'a0father\'a0called\'a0a\'a0'plunger'\'a0was\'a0slowly\'a0rotating\'a0up\'a0and\'a0down\'a0which\'a0made\'a0a\'a0connected\'a0wheel\'a0spin\'a0on\'a0its\'a0own.\'a0Every\'a0few\'a0seconds\'a0the\'a0plunger\'a0would\'a0puff\'a0a\'a0small\'a0cloud\'a0of\'a0white\'a0smoke\'a0from\'a0its\'a0top\'a0which\'a0would\'a0rise\'a0up\'a0to\'a0the\'a0ceiling.\
\
Alokai\'a0set\'a0the\'a0plate\'a0of\'a0food\'a0down\'a0on\'a0a\'a0workbench\'a0cluttered\'a0with\'a0other\'a0similar\'a0sets\'a0of\'a0plates\'a0and\'a0jugs.\'a0Odd\'a0shaped\'a0tools\'a0and\'a0pieces\'a0of\'a0metal\'a0bits\'a0were\'a0strewn\'a0around\'a0the\'a0bench\'a0top.\'a0"I\'a0think\'a0this\'a0one\'a0is\'a0working\'a0better,"\'a0his\'a0father\'a0said,\'a0standing\'a0up\'a0from\'a0behind\'a0the\'a0contraption\'a0and\'a0grabbing\'a0some\'a0bread\'a0and\'a0meat.\'a0He\'a0was\'a0sweating\'a0from\'a0the\'a0heat\'a0of\'a0the\'a0fire.\'a0It\'a0was\'a0much\'a0hotter\'a0than\'a0normal\'a0cookfires.\
\
While\'a0his\'a0father\'a0ate\'a0and\'a0stared\'a0at\'a0the\'a0puffing\'a0machine,\'a0Alokai\'a0walked\'a0around\'a0it\'a0marvelling.\
\
"One\'a0day,\'a0this\'a0will\'a0make\'a0a\'a0wagon\'a0move\'a0on\'a0it's\'a0own.\'a0All\'a0you'll\'a0have\'a0to\'a0do\'a0is\'a0keep\'a0the\'a0fire\'a0hot."\'a0Loto\'a0said\'a0between\'a0big\'a0bites,\'a0and\'a0motioned\'a0towards\'a0the\'a0stack\'a0of\'a0coal\'a0in\'a0a\'a0half-full\'a0bucket\'a0by\'a0the\'a0door.\'a0Alokai\'a0grabbed\'a0a\'a0few\'a0pieces\'a0and\'a0tossed\'a0them\'a0beneath\'a0the\'a0kettle.\
\
"And\'a0keep\'a0filling\'a0the\'a0water,\'a0and\'a0make\'a0sure\'a0the\'a0seal\'a0doesn't\'a0break\'a0to\'a0the\'a0plunger\'a0tank,\'a0and\'a0make\'a0sure\'a0that\'a0it\'a0doesn't\'a0blow\'a0open,"\'a0Alokai\'a0added\'a0absently\'a0as\'a0he\'a0inspected\'a0the\'a0machine.\
\
His\'a0father\'a0laughed,\'a0"Yes,\'a0and\'a0those\'a0things."\'a0A\'a0few\'a0quiet\'a0moments\'a0passed\'a0while\'a0Alokai\'a0observed\'a0the\'a0puffing\'a0clouds\'a0of\'a0steam\'a0and\'a0Loto\'a0chewed.\'a0The\'a0open\'a0window\'a0in\'a0the\'a0room\'a0showed\'a0a\'a0view\'a0of\'a0the\'a0seaward\'a0side\'a0of\'a0the\'a0island,\'a0now\'a0a\'a0dim\'a0golden\'a0orange\'a0sky\'a0as\'a0the\'a0sun\'a0set.\
\
"So,\'a0can\'a0we\'a0try\'a0it\'a0tomorrow?"\'a0Alokai\'a0asked\'a0with\'a0a\'a0grin.\'a0Loto\'a0held\'a0his\'a0gaze\'a0and\'a0swallowed\'a0some\'a0water\'a0from\'a0the\'a0jug.\
\
"If\'a0we\'a0finish\'a0early,\'a0I\'a0don't\'a0see\'a0why\'a0not.\'a0But\'a0you\'a0pack\'a0it."\
\
While\'a0they\'a0took\'a0turns\'a0eating\'a0their\'a0supper,\'a0they\'a0alternated\'a0stoking\'a0the\'a0coal\'a0fire\'a0and\'a0making\'a0notes\'a0on\'a0the\'a0parchment\'a0that\'a0recorded\'a0the\'a0design\'a0for\'a0their\'a0contraption.\'a0His\'a0father\'a0insisted\'a0on\'a0always\'a0keeping\'a0notes\'a0and\'a0numbers.\'a0He\'a0said\'a0it\'a0was\'a0how\'a0a\'a0good\'a0builder\'a0gets\'a0better.\
}